Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Left hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Diaphragmatic Eventration / left	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX
There is diffuse right-sided airspace disease, with dense consolidation in the right base. A right upper extremity PICC is seen with the tip in the right brachiocephalic vein, representing an interval retraction of approximately 6 cm. No pneumothorax or large effusions. Heart size within normal limits.	Airspace Disease / lung / right / diffuse ; Consolidation / lung / base / right ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Pneumonia / right / focal / multiple	Multifocal right-sided pneumonia.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
The lungs are clear. A calcified granuloma is seen in the left midlung zone. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / left	No acute pulmonary disease.	Preop removal of XXXX body in knee
Streaky opacity is noted within the left lung base which may represent focal area of atelectasis. Right lung is grossly clear. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.	Opacity / lung / base / left / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / left	Left lower lobe atelectasis otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Shortness of breath.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. Stent is noted in the abdomen. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Calcified granuloma are noted.	Spine / degenerative ; Stents / abdomen ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Calcified Granuloma	1. No evidence of active disease.	Multiple myeloma. Bone marrow transplant.
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old female with altered mental status, unresponsive.
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary disease.	upper back pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Chest pain
Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Multilevel degenerative changes are noted within the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Chest pain.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Mediastinum / prominent ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular	Borderline heart size, improved mediastinal widening. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild hypoventilation, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female, pain
The lungs are clear. There is hyperinflation. Calcification is seen over the anterior mediastinum XXXX a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the PA projection. The heart is normal. Arthritic changes the spine are seen.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / anterior ; Calcinosis / lymph nodes ; Arthritis / spine ; Granulomatous Disease ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	COPD and old granulomatous disease.	Preop knee revision.
There is a right chest XXXX with catheter tip at the cavoatrial junction. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Lungs are grossly clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Spine / degenerative / diffuse	1. Right chest XXXX catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. 2. Grossly clear lungs.	XXXX-year-old male with altered mental status. Evaluate central venous catheter placement.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.	normal	Unremarkable radiographs of the chest.	Chest pain.
Finding data is null	Scoliosis	No pneumonia. Heart size normal. Scoliosis.	XXXX for more than one year
Normal heart size. Bibasilar patchy opacities, left greater than right. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. Left-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. No significant pulmonary edema. Low lung volumes. Exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis with evidence of lower thoracic vertebral body the deep opacities. Multiple mild vertebral body wedge deformities in the mid thoracic spine. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Multiple bilateral rib fractures, some of which appear old. Interval XXXX deformity of the vertebral body XXXX XXXX the level of the two vertebroplasty XXXX.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / patchy ; Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / multiple / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / moderate ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / bilateral / multiple / healed ; Consolidation / lung / base / left / moderate ; Opacity / lung / base / right / mild ; Deformity / lumbar vertebrae	1. Moderate left basilar lung consolidation with mild right basilar opacities, which may represent infection and/or atelectasis. 2. Bilateral rib fractures, most of which appear old. 3. Interval vertebral body XXXX deformity in the lumbar spine since XXXX. .	XXXX-year-old with XXXX
Atrial septal occluder artifact. Rotated frontal position, overall heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. XXXX densities in the left base, small focal XXXX opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic XXXX. Biapical pleuroparenchymal irregularities most compatible with scarring, chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity. No pneumothorax seen.	Density / lung / base / left ; Opacity / lung / base / right / small ; Pulmonary Atelectasis ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Diaphragm / right / posterior / elevated ; Markings / lung / apex / bilateral ; Deformity / ribs / right / chronic ; Costophrenic Angle / right / obscured	1. XXXX densities in left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis 2. Abnormal opacity in the right base XXXX due at XXXX in part to atelectasis with right hemidiaphragm eventration, question small right pleural effusion	XXXX-year-old female, post XXXX closure
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lung volumes are low. There is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. Minimal XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / left / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / lower lobe / left / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with left lateral chest wall contusion.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Surgical clips overlying the left breast soft tissues. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormalities.	Surgical Instruments / breast / left ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
Postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib. Residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe. The lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses. Heart and mediastinum are normal.	Sutures / lung / upper lobe / left ; Cicatrix / ribs / left	Postoperative left upper lobe. No visible active cardiopulmonary disease.	hx tumors removed lungs XXXX, possible nodular denisities at OSH
Stable appearing right-sided XXXX the opacities. There is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax.	Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Cicatrix / right / chronic ; Opacity / right	Stable right-sided chronic lung scarring otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX
Normal heart size. Stable tortuous thoracic aorta. Prior granulomatous disease. Healed rib fractures appear stable. Focal opacity is noted in the left midlung overlying the 9th posterior rib which XXXX represents healing rib callus. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Granulomatous Disease ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / healed ; Opacity / lung / lingula / focal	No acute abnormality seen.	Abnormal lung exam. Smoking history.
Chest. Lung volumes are low, but no focal infiltrates are present. Heart and mediastinum remain normal. Abdomen. Multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum. Formed stool is present in the rectum.	Lung / hypoinflation	1. Chest. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Abdomen. Negative. No mechanical obstruction.	KUB/XXXX constipation postop
Moderate sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis. Normal cardiac contour with atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta. Clear left lung XXXX.	Pleural Effusion / right / moderate ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / right ; Atherosclerosis / aorta	1. Moderate right pleural effusion.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact..	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea.
There are XXXX opacities within both lung bases, XXXX representing atelectasis. Heart size is upper limits of normal. No pneumothorax. No pneumothorax.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral	Bibasilar atelectasis. No pneumonia. .	DESATURATION EPISODE OVERNIGHT, PLEASE EVALUATE FOR INFILTRATE;
There is mild streakiness in the right base. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Calcified granulomatous disease noted. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. Osseous structures intact.	Opacity / lung / base / right / streaky ; Granulomatous Disease ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / right ; Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / right	Mild streakiness, subsegmental atelectasis versus early infiltrate right lower lobe.	XXXX with XXXX
Finding data is null	normal	Normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No infiltrates. Normal X-XXXX of chest.	Chest pain.
Heart size is unchanged. Aortic calcification is noted. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. There are unchanged XXXX opacities throughout the lungs which XXXX represent scarring. Lungs are hyperexpanded.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Opacity / lung / bilateral ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable chronic lung disease. .	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No pleural air collections. Heart and mediastinum normal. A vague lucency is present in left rib 7 anteriorly.	Lucency / ribs / left / posterior	No active disease. No evidence for cardiopulmonary injuries. Possibility of left rib 7 anterior nondisplaced fracture as described.	palpitation
Heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. No focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fractures are seen. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.	Thoracic vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Soft tissues are within normal limits. There is stable enlargement of the heart. Calcific aorta. Stable bilateral calcified granulomas. The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Calcified Granuloma / bilateral / multiple	No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
Size is normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. There is a vague opacity in the right infrahilar region. There is also a 5 mm well circumscribed nodule in the right upper lung XXXX. It is not well visualized on lateral view.	Opacity / lung / hilum / right ; Nodule / lung / upper lobe / hilum / right	1. Right perihilar lung nodule. Recommend CT thorax with contrast to further assess. Dr. XXXX XXXX the findings XXXX.	dx with lung mass
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated with XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with pleural-parenchymal scarring. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Opacity / multiple ; Cicatrix / lung ; Cicatrix / pleura ; Emphysema	Emphysema and scarring without acute disease	COPD XXXX preop evaluation for lung transplant
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right ; Catheters, Indwelling / left	Stable cardiomegaly. Improved aeration in the left lung base. Right basilar airspace disease is unchanged. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Right internal jugular central line has been removed. Left subclavian line is stable.	Hypoxia, aortic stenosis
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Abdominal pain and back pain under the ribs.
Mildly low lung volumes. Lungs are clear without focal air space disease. Persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild ; Diaphragm / right / elevated / mild ; Spine / degenerative	Stable appearance of the chest without focal air space disease.	XXXX x 3 weeks
Finding data is null	Hernia, Hiatal / prominent ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right ; Opacity / lung / lingula ; Bronchiectasis	Prominent hiatal hernia as before. Anticipated senescent changes of mediastinum. Opacity seen XXXX on lateral XXXX XXXX involving both right middle lobe and lingula compatible with some bronchiectasis and chronic inflammatory change. There may be some chronic indolent infection here associated with some chronic consolidation. Perhaps some slight progression, but overall XXXX change since prior examination. On lateral view, the posterior lung bases are grossly clear. No effusions or CHF.	,486 XXXX
Chronic increased interstitial markings without evidence of focal infiltrate. Bilateral apical pleural thickening. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Stable heart size. Marked degenerative change of the XXXX, status post remote right humerus fracture. XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body, also XXXX chronic.	Markings / lung / interstitial / chronic ; Thickening / pleura / apex / bilateral ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae ; Fractures, Bone / humerus / right	Chronic lung disease without acute findings.	History of leukocytosis and XXXX.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. Specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with positive PPD..
Stable appearance of aortic valve prosthesis. Sternotomy XXXX. Aortic calcifications. Mild interstitial edema. No focal infiltrate. No effusion or pneumothorax. Mild cardiomegaly.	Implanted Medical Device / aortic valve ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial / mild ; Cardiomegaly / mild	Mild interstitial edema.	COPD
Feeding tube noted with tip XXXX distal to the gastroesophageal junction. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures intact.	Tube, Inserted	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Feeding tube tip XXXX distal to the gastroesophageal junction.	XXXX-year-old male, dysphasia, XXXX.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is a right chest XXXX with central venous catheter tip overlying the high SVC. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	Catheters, Indwelling / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with XXXX and chest tightness, history of leukemia.
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Calcified granuloma in the left lung base. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	very mild episodes of dyspnea over XXXX year with L shoulder injury
Cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. XXXX and soft tissue are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with history of XXXX cell disease, pain.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest No evidence of tuberculosis	XXXX XXXX placement
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Chest pain, palpitations.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Pain after XXXX.
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Old right rib fractures.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / right / multiple / healed	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Persistent XXXX
There are are streaky retrocardiac left lower lobe opacities, in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / left / streaky ; Opacity / retrocardiac / streaky	Streaky left retrocardiac airspace opacities, in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia.	XXXX, XXXX x1 XXXX. Concern for left lower lobe pneumonia on physical exam.
Lung volumes are low. The heart is large, the pulmonary XXXX are engorged. No infiltrates. XXXX opacity is present in the left midlung.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Cardiomegaly ; Opacity / lung / lingula ; Hypertension, Pulmonary ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula / focal ; Pulmonary Congestion	Hypoinflation with cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. Left mid lung focal atelectasis.	chest pain , bilateral leg XXXX
The lungs are hyperexpanded, with increased AP diameter of the chest. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and normal. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Emphysema	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chronic changes consistent with emphysema.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
Both lungs remain clear and expanded. No focal parenchymal infiltrates or pleural air collections. Heart and aorta are normal. No change in the large hiatus hernia. Pelvis. Bone density is decreased. Hips are normal and symmetric. No fractures, dislocations, or bone destruction. Note XXXX of a severe rotatory dextroscoliosis in the lumbar spine.	Hernia, Hiatal / large	1. Chest. No change no active cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence for cardiopulmonary injury. 2. Pelvis and hips negative for recent bony injury.	Chest and hip XXXX from XXXX.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal . The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.	normal	No active disease.	Fatigue and increasing shortness of breath.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal clips, left base pleural-parenchymal irregularity compatible with scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Chronic appearing left rib contour irregularities may be posttraumatic or postsurgical.	Surgical Instruments / mediastinum ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Deformity / lung / base / left ; Deformity / ribs / left / chronic	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old female, dyspnea
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size is normal. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old with shortness of breath.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with shortness of breath
Right upper lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia given patient's history. The lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	Airspace Disease / lung / upper lobe / right ; Pneumonia / upper lobe / right	Right upper lobe pneumonia.	XXXX/XXXX
Low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / borderline	1. Borderline enlargement of cardiac silhouette, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No evidence for active TB.	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female with history of a mild PPD reaction, screening x-XXXX..
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The posterior costophrenic XXXX are excluded on the lateral view. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	History of atrial fibrillation and cardioversion 3 weeks ago, heart XXXX.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	ovarian ca; XXXX for XXXX
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Hyperexpanded lungs. Calcified right upper lobe granuloma, unchanged. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No displaced rib fractures.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right	1. Hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality.	XXXX in bathtub
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. Trachea is midline. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with pain and decreased range of motion.
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	V76.12 SCREENING MAMMOGRAM XXXX,no hx ca or implants,466.0 ACUTE BRONCHITIS
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Shortness of breath.
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, shortness of breath.
Lung volumes are low. There is vague opacity in the right upper lung near the anterior right first rib on PA view. This may be artifact relating to calcification at the first rib costicartilage junction. There is minimal atelectasis in the right lung base. There is left-sided PICC line, the distal tip in the lower superior vena XXXX. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. These contours are normal.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / round ; Opacity / ribs / anterior ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right / mild ; Catheters, Indwelling / left	1. Vague nodular opacity near the anterior right first rib costicartilage junction. This may be calcification. 2. Minimal streaky atelectasis in the right lung base.	INDICATION data is null
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable calcified granulomas. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	Calcified Granuloma	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest.	,786.59 CHEST PAIN T SPINE CXR
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	History of tobacco use.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX, history of acute bronchitis
The heart size is mildly enlarged. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous	Cardiomegaly without acute pulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis
The lungs are hypoventilated. There is no focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The ascending aorta is prominent and descending thoracic aorta is is tortuous. Aorta appears unchanged as compared to the study. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules are identified. There is an oblong density projecting over the anterior left 7th rib. Appearance suggests an old rib fracture.	Aorta / prominent ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Density / ribs / left / anterior ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / anterior / multiple	This is XXXX since the previous study. 1. Clear lungs. 2. Apparent old rib fractures in the left anterior chest.	Melanoma
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	Multiple myeloma.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	XXXX and XXXX.
The heart size and pulmonary vascular appear within normal limits. The lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. Calcified lymph XXXX and granuloma are noted. No acute appearing focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Emphysema ; Calcinosis / lymph nodes ; Calcified Granuloma	1. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. No evidence of active disease.	Chronic airway obstruction.
In the interval, consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe. Costophrenic XXXX blunted on the right. Left lung clear. Heart size normal.	Consolidation / lung / lower lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / right ; Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / left ; Pneumonia / lower lobe / left ; Pleural Effusion / right	Left lower lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. Associated right pleural effusion.	XXXX
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	preop chest x-XXXX for abdominal surgery
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Right middle lobe calcified granuloma is unchanged. Heart and mediastinum unchanged. No change hiatus hernia.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right ; Hernia, Hiatal	No active disease.	10 XXXX hx of XXXX, SOB, wheezing in XXXX XXXX
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX and hypoxia.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple	No acute disease.	XXXX, XXXX
Normal heart size. There is a round density in the AP XXXX. XXXX study performed in XXXX is not available for review at this time. Lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. Calcified right lower lobe granuloma. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No pulmonary edema. No acute bony abnormality.	Density / round ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right	Circumscribed structure in the AP XXXX could represent lymphadenopathy, mass, pulmonary arterial abnormality XXXX as aneurysm, or enlargement of the left atrial appendage. As prior chest x-XXXX are not available online at this XXXX should be considered.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Hyperexpanded but clear lungs.	Chronic XXXX XXXX
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Emphysematous changes are present. The lungs are free of active disease. Deformed right ribs. Thoracic spondylosis.	Emphysema ; Deformity / ribs / right / multiple ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute findings.	Chest pain.
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	HISTORY OF HISTOPLASMOSIS XXXX ON TNF - XXXX XXXX - XXXX XXXX
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute abnormality.	Shortness of breath. History polysubstance abuse.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is mild haziness in the right lung and left base, which could represent infiltrate. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Stable XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebra.	Opacity / lung / right ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae	1. Possible infiltrates in the right lung and left base. Consider CT for further evaluation, if clinically indicated.	XXXX-year-old with shortness of breath and XXXX.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is a scoliosis of the thoracic spine. The ribs, as visualized, appear unremarkable.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae	No evidence of active disease.	Chest pain
Eventration of the left diaphragm is noted. Question left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. No evidence of pneumothorax. Generalized lung volumes. No definite pleural effusions. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact.	Diaphragmatic Eventration / left ; Lung / hypoinflation	Generalized low lung lungs with eventration of the left hemidiaphragm. Question concomitant left basilar opacity, may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain.
The cardiac contours are normal. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Lower cervical degenerative arthritis.	Granulomatous Disease ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Arthritis / cervical vertebrae / degenerative	No acute findings.	Chest pain
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Stable calcification in the left upper lobe, XXXX representing a granuloma. No focal airspace opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.	Calcinosis / lung / upper lobe / left ; Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No radiographic evidence of metastatic disease.	XXXX-year-old male, history of T4 supraglottic squamous cell carcinoma.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female, preop lipoma excision.
Finding data is null	normal	AP lateral view soft tissue neck. 1. No subglottic edema or prevertebral soft tissue XXXX. 2. Slight rotation of the patient's head limits evaluation of the epiglottis which is XXXX normal in size and caliber. PA and lateral views of the chest. 1. No acute pulmonary findings.	Dysphasia, possible allergic reaction. Midline chest pain.
Left PICC line and NG tube remain in XXXX. Heart size and vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Small bilateral pleural effusions are present. No pneumothorax is noted.	Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Tube, Inserted ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small	1. Small bilateral pleural effusions.	Chest pain.
Stable heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Stable calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. This low lung volumes. No focal airspace disease.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right ; Lung / hypoinflation	Low lung volumes, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, dyspnea.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of hemidiaphragms and increased retrosternal airspace. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Aorta / tortuous ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Emphysema	1. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. 2. Emphysema and atherosclerosis.	XXXX-year-old female with COPD.
No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Calcified granuloma seen bilaterally. Normal heart size. Elevated right hemidiaphragm, with a nodular soft tissue contour, containing liver. Degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine. There is neurostimulator, overlying the mid and lower thoracic spine.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / bilateral / multiple ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Implanted Medical Device / thoracic vertebrae	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Elevation of the right XXXX diaphragm, containing liver.	Preop evaluation. Placement of neurostimulator.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No nodules, masses, effusions, or pneumonia	INDICATION data is null
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Malignant melonoma
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly ; Opacity / pleural sinus / bilateral	Status post mediastinal surgery. Significantly improved aeration. Remaining obliteration of the bilateral pleural sinus, more on left than right side, which may represent scarring alternatively small pleural effusions. For more detailed evaluation, if clinically indicated, consider decubitus views. No acute air space disease. No pulmonary edema. Cardiomegaly.	INDICATION: DYSPNEA; Admit Comments: 424.1, 414.01
In the interval, a 2 cm diameter nodule has developed in the posterior segment of the left lower lobe. It is not calcified. No other infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. XXXX are normal.	Nodule / lung / lower lobe / left / posterior	XXXX left lower lobe nodule. The differential diagnosis includes round pneumonia and parenchymal mass. CT may be of further XXXX.	Please obtain for dyspnea
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax, no pleural effusion. No displaced rib fractures.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. No displaced fractures.	XXXX-year-old male with right chest wall contusion.
There are persistent low lung volumes. There is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease. Probable XXXX residual left pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Stable cardiomediastinal contour. Left-sided rib fractures are better appreciated on the XXXX chest comparison.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left / streaky ; Pneumothorax / left ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left	1. Probable XXXX residual left pneumothorax. 2. Stable streaky left basilar airspace disease, possibly atelectasis.	XXXX vehicle collision, rib fracture, pneumothorax
Left-sided XXXX/ICD device and leads are stable. Stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Cardiomegaly	Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with continued XXXX. Evaluate for pneumonia.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size upper limits normal. Clear lungs. No pneumonia or effusions.	chest pain.
The heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the mediastinum. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.	Hernia, Hiatal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. 2. Hiatal hernia.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Some hyperinflation appears to be present. There are small calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise clear. The heart is normal. The mediastinum is normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / multiple / small ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Granulomatous Disease	Probable COPD and old granulomatous disease.	Preop surgical XXXX from the surgery.
Finding data is null	Hernia, Hiatal	Heart size normal. Lungs clear. Hiatal hernia. No effusion the or pneumothorax. No pneumonia	XXXX and right-sided chest pain
Finding data is null	Nipple Shadow / bilateral ; Calcinosis / right / paratracheal	heart size normal. Lungs are clear. Bilateral nipple shadows. Right paratracheal calcifications due to old histoplasmosis. XXXX overlies the common bile duct.	dyspnea XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spine..	Spine / degenerative	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Right leg fracture, preop
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / degenerative / mild	Stable minimal cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. No pneumonia. Minimal degenerative spurring thoracic spine	preop chest repair. XXXX.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.	normal	No acute acute cardiopulmonary disease.	left sided chest pain
3 images. Heart size is normal. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There are costochondral calcifications. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Old left clavicle fracture noted.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Calcinosis / ribs / multiple ; Fractures, Bone / clavicle / left / healed	No acute abnormality identified.	Dizziness.
Calcified left lower lobe granuloma. No focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Degenerative changes noted of the thoracic spine.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, congestion.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Negative for pneumoperitoneum. Bony thorax and soft tissue grossly unremarkable	normal	Negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Minimal scarring or atelectasis left lung base.	Cicatrix / lung / base / left / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain
Finding data is null	Surgical Instruments / abdomen	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No infiltrates or atelectasis. Gallbladder XXXX clips.	asthma worsening
XXXX XXXX sternotomy XXXX appear intact. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is no focal lung opacity. Clips overlie the right upper quadrant.	Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with history of aortic stenosis, pulmonic stenosis. ICD 9 codes 746.3, 746.02.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma is identified.	Calcified Granuloma	1. No evidence of active disease.	Throat cancer.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	Negative chest x-XXXX.	Back pain and XXXX
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Old rib fractures, healed. Stable increased density overlying the lower mediastinum, unchanged, is XXXX due to hiatal hernia seen on XXXX examination.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / healed ; Hernia, Hiatal ; Density / mediastinum	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with atrial flutter, hypertensive urgency..
The lungs appear clear. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base and calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. This was seen well on prior XXXX. There are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence of metastatic disease to the lungs.	Patient with synovial sarcoma status post resection
Hyperexpansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. Heart size within normal limits. Bibasilar, right greater than left atelectasis/airspace disease noted. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Lung, Hyperlucent ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral / mild ; Pulmonary Emphysema / chronic	Chronic emphysematous lung disease with mild bibasilar, right greater than left airspace disease/atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old male shortness of breath.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Emphysema / mild ; Density / lung / upper lobe / right / round	No acute disease.	Chest pain and XXXX
No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.	No Indexing	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	INDICATION data is null
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is rounded calcified density within the left lower lobe most consistent with granuloma. Remaining lungs are clear without evidence of focal opacification. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.	Calcinosis / lung / lower lobe / left / round ; Density / lung / lower lobe / left / round ; Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left / round	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissue is unremarkable.	normal	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX and COPD
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small nodular opacity left upper lobe may represent early infiltrate. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left / small ; Nodule / lung / upper lobe / left / small	Small nodular opacity in left upper lung may be secondary to superimposed structures or early infiltrate. Followup evaluation in 2 weeks may be helpful.	XXXX
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. One AP view is expiratory and was repeated. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary disease.	dyspnea
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old male status post XXXX
2 images. Calcified granuloma left upper lobe. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	XXXX.
Heart size is stable. There is focal airspace consolidation in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.	Consolidation / lung / upper lobe / right / focal ; Pneumonia / upper lobe / right	Right upper lobe pneumonia.	XXXX-year-old female dyspnea.
Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There are some chronic increased interstitial markings noted.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right ; Spine / degenerative / mild ; Markings / lung / interstitial / chronic	Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease identified.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain this XXXX.
The cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is minimal XXXX atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left / mild ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left / small	1. Minimal left basilar atelectasis or scar. 2. No acute, displaced rib fractures demonstrated. .	Left rib pain starting yesterday. Using crutches for broken foot.
Finding data is null	Infiltrate / lung / upper lobe / right / round ; Nodule / lung / upper lobe / right / round	Possible tuberculosis. Right upper lobe fibronodular infiltrate. Possible right upper lobe cavity. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear	Positive PPD
Cardiac pacemaker is present the leads are unchanged. The heart is borderline enlarged. I believe the lungs are clear. The mediastinum is normal. The skeletal structures are normal for age.	Implanted Medical Device ; Cardiomegaly / borderline	Borderline cardiomegaly and cardiac pacemaker. No change from prior studies.	Generalized weakness and XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic atherosclerosis. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	Atherosclerosis / aorta	Negative. No significant change from XXXX.	XXXX-year-old female. Chest pain.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is no pulmonary nodule identified. There is a left humerus prosthesis partly demonstrated.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence for metastatic disease by radiographic evaluation.	XXXX-year-old with osteogenic sarcoma. Followup study.
The heart is large. In the interval, pulmonary venous engorgement has developed. Also, bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present.	Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Pulmonary Edema / base / bilateral / interstitial ; Infiltrate / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial ; Heart Failure	Developing heart failure with pulmonary venous engorgement and bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema.	Chest pain.
Normal heart size is prominent left ventricular contour. Unfolding of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.	Heart Ventricles / left / prominent ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male, hypertension, chest pain.
The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX.
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right / round ; Lucency / lung / middle lobe / right / round ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left / round	13 - 14 mm ring-shaped opacity with central lucency, seen with certainty on PA view only, projects over right midlung. Uncertain if this represent something within the lung or external to the patient. There is also a 5 mm nodular opacity projecting over the left upper lung at the level of AP XXXX. These findings could be further evaluated XXXX if clinically indicated. No acute airspace disease. Mediastinal contour normal limits. No effusions.	XXXX, XXXX loss
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.. No acute, displaced rib fractures.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Heart size and vascularity normal. Lungs are clear. No effusions or pneumothorax.	normal	Normal chest.	XXXX infection chest pain. comparisXXXX/XXXX
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with hypoxia and shortness of breath. XXXX.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	Preop XXXX XXXX
XXXX onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. Stable cardiomegaly and features of CABG. Interval XXXX removal of left PICC line, no pneumothorax.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Airspace Disease / lung / right ; Pleural Effusion / right ; Cardiomegaly	XXXX onset right basal chest infection	,786.39 coughing up sputum blood streaked
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is a XXXX opacity in the left lingula. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Opacity / lung / lingula ; Epicardial Fat / prominent	1. Low lung volumes. 2. Opacity in the lingula is favored to represent prominent pericardial fat, but lingular atelectasis or infiltrate cannot be ruled out. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old woman with XXXX and XXXX symptoms.
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right	Heart size normal. Lungs clear. Calcified 5 mm right upper lobe granuloma.	preop inguinal hernia repair
Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. Clear lungs bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right	1. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. 2.No evidence of acute bony abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with the right rib pain after assault.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute findings.	Pruritic.
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX Clear lungs. No effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. Stable chest.	cp
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Interval improvement in lung volumes bilaterally. Improved aeration of the right and left lung bases. Bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectatic change, with interval improvement. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.	Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left	Interval improvement in aeration of lung bases and pleural effusions. Residual small left effusion and questionable small right pleural effusion.	WHEEZING/HEART FAILURE
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size normal. Lungs clear.	chest pain
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild dextro curvature of the lower thoracic spine, this may be positional. Visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, preop
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is mild prominence of the superior mediastinum which is somewhat lucent and XXXX reflects mediastinal and vascular structures. No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion.	Mediastinum / prominent / mild ; Lucency / mediastinum / mild ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Adipose Tissue / mediastinum	1. Hypoinflation without acute parenchymal infiltrate. 2. Mild mediastinal prominence XXXX related to superimposed XXXX and mediastinal fat.	Chest pain, dyspnea
XXXX opacities projecting over the right apex and mediastinum on PA view are artifactual. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Stable chronic coarse interstitial markings, without focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX are grossly intact. XXXX right cervical rib.	Opacity / lung / apex / right ; Opacity / mediastinum ; Markings / lung / interstitial / chronic	1. Stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. There is evidence of previous granulomatous disease. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.	Granulomatous Disease	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	XXXX. XXXX posterior chest pain.
Within the right lower lobes there are XXXX airspace opacities XXXX representing consolidation and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. No acute osseous abnormality.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right ; Consolidation / lung / lower lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / right ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / right ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral	Right lower lobe airspace disease with bilateral pleural effusions.	XXXX-year-old male, dyspnea.
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise lungs clear. Heart size normal. Stable severe L1 XXXX deformity.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Granulomatous Disease ; Deformity / lumbar vertebrae / severe	Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, no acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	The patient states that she tried XXXX XXXX and XXXX a XXXX reaction. The patient's lower abdomen was shielded for this exam.
Calcified granulomas noted. XXXX symmetric apical scarring. The diaphragms are flattened, and the chest is somewhat XXXX shaped. The cardiothymic silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. No acute bony abnormality.	Calcified Granuloma / multiple ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Deformity / thorax	Radiographic findings suggestive of emphysema.	XXXX-year-old female with abnormal XXXX loss
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX, preoperative evaluation, V72.84, 218.9.
Finding data is null	Hernia, Hiatal ; Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / right / scattered	Hiatal hernia as before. Scattered right upper lung scarring as before. Overall, Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	,723.1
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Scattered calcified granulomas. Hyperexpanded lungs. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes in the spine without acute bony abnormalities.	Calcified Granuloma / scattered ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Spine / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary process. .	Chest pain.
Borderline enlarged heart. Stable mediastinal contours. Aortic XXXX calcifications. Hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings, compatible with emphysema. Bilateral streaky opacities. Increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal airspace disease. No acute bony abnormality.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Markings / lung / interstitial / chronic ; Emphysema ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky ; Pulmonary Congestion	1. Pulmonary vascular congestion. 2. Emphysema. 3. Bibasilar streaky airspace opacities.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. XXXX right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. Aortic calcifications.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / upper lobe / right ; Calcinosis / aorta	Hyperexpanded lungs. XXXX right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. No focal pneumonia.	XXXX-year-old female. Shortness of breath. XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Chest pain
There are diffuse increased interstitial markings, suggestive of pulmonary fibrosis in bilateral lung XXXX. The fibrosis appears to slightly increased XXXX compared to previous examination, in XXXX. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal.	Markings / lung / interstitial / diffuse ; Pulmonary Fibrosis	1. Redemonstrated pulmonary fibrosis without evidence for acute infiltrate.	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female with history of pneumonia, upper lobe crackles. Known history of UIP.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No pneumonia or effusion. No nodules or masses.	altered mental status.
The patient is rotated to left. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. XXXX lucency along the left ventricular XXXX XXXX related to interface between the heart and aerated lung. Patchy right perihilar/upper lobe opacities, which abut the XXXX fissure on lateral projection. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. No definite acute bone abnormality.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Lucency / heart ventricles / left ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / patchy ; Opacity / lung / hilum / right / patchy ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae / severe ; Pneumonia / upper lobe / right	Right upper lobe pneumonia. Consideration may be given for followup chest x-XXXX, following appropriate therapy.	XXXX-year-old male. XXXX.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.	normal	Negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
Status post posterior spinal fusion with stable appearance of the orthopedic XXXX. Pectus carinatum. Stable mild cardiomegaly and increased lung vascularity. Clear lungs.	Spinal Fusion ; Pectus Carinatum ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Pulmonary Congestion	Stable mild cardiomegaly and increased lung vascularity. Clear lungs.	VSD
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact.	Granulomatous Disease	Negative chest x-XXXX.	XXXX.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No x-XXXX evidence of pulmonary metastatic disease. Stable appearance of the chest.	Melanoma
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There are no focal infiltrates. There is prominent epipericardial fat. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Right 7th and 8th rib deformities are noted. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Epicardial Fat / prominent ; Deformity / ribs / right / multiple	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Low lung volumes. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. Mild degenerate change of the thoracic spine. Stable cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lung XXXX are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate, or pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures are intact. Visualized soft tissues appear normal.	normal	Normal chest x-XXXX.	XXXX.
There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.	Calcified Granuloma / scattered	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX-year-old female, preoperative evaluation for hysterectomy
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable. Bibasilar air space opacities have significantly improved. The lungs remain hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic XXXX. There is no pneumothorax.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral	Stable postsurgical changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacities/atelectasis.	Esophageal Cancer
The cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated.	normal	Unremarkable chest x-XXXX. .	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX's syndrome and worsening XXXX
There are biapical opacities, possibly scarring. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. Right-sided chest XXXX catheter tip is at the lower SVC. Several right axillary surgical clips are noted. There are postoperative changes of right mastectomy.	Opacity / lung / apex / bilateral ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Surgical Instruments / right ; Mastectomy / right ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral	No acute findings. Biapical opacities, XXXX scarring.	XXXX-year-old female with ALL, possible XXXX cell transplant. Additional history of breast cancer.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Chest pain, shortness of breath, XXXX, dizziness.
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. There are stable anterior wedge XXXX deformities of 2 midthoracic vertebral bodies.	Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / anterior / multiple ; Fractures, Bone / Thoracic Vertebrae	1. No acute findings. 2. Stable midthoracic vertebral body XXXX fractures.	XXXX year old with chest pain, shortness of breath, hypertension.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. There are 2 right upper lobe lung nodules, the largest measuring approximately 12 mm. Lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	Nodule / lung / upper lobe / right / multiple	Right upper lobe lung nodules. Recommend XXXX.	XXXX-year-old female XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest.	,786.2 XXXX
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in size and appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are prominent coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs, with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities, seen only on the frontal XXXX, XXXX atelectasis. Negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX are grossly intact.	Markings / lung / interstitial / prominent ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / focal / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Right flank pain, right-sided pain. Diminished breath sounds.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	Kidney transplant evaluation.
The cardiac contours are normal. Atherosclerotic aorta. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	Followup lung nodule
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX onset chest pain.
Heart size is within normal limits. Mild prominence of the mediastinum. Bibasilar predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities. No visualized pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.	Mediastinum / prominent / mild ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral	1. Mild bibasilar airspace disease, probably atelectasis.	Shortness of breath, Hodgkin's lymphoma
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Chest pain and shortness of breath for a few weeks.
Finding data is null	Granuloma / lung / apex / right	Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma unchanged	preop inguinal hernia history of laryngeal cancer
Density in the left upper lung on PA XXXX XXXX represents superimposed bony and vascular structures. There is calcification of the first rib costicartilage junction which XXXX contributes to this appearance. The lungs otherwise appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. In the pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contour is normal. There are degenerative changes of thoracic spine. There is an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall with intact distal leads in the right heart.	Density / lung / upper lobe / left / irregular ; Calcinosis / ribs ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Implanted Medical Device / thorax / left	1. Irregular density in the left upper lung on PA XXXX, XXXX artifact related to superimposed vascular bony structures. Chest fluoroscopy or XXXX would confirm this 2. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary disease.	INDICATION: HYPERTENSION;
The lungs are hyperinflated with coarse interstitial markings compatible with obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. There is chronic pleural-parenchymal scarring within the lung bases. No lobar consolidation is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Markings / lung / interstitial ; Emphysema ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Cicatrix / pleura / base / bilateral / chronic	Emphysema.	Feet XXXX.
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	786.2,786.07, 66yof with productive XXXX with wheezing in a XXXX
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / multiple	The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size and configuration. This is essentially unchanged. The mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be XXXX unremarkable. A few calcified granulomata are noted. No focal infiltrates are seen. No obvious mediastinal lymphadenopathy is appreciated. Osseous structures appear to be XXXX unremarkable.	This is a XXXX-year-old male patient with history of testicular carcinoma approximately 12 years ago; Nonsmoker. No chest complaints otherwise. ICD-9 code is V-10.47. Date of exam is XXXX, XXXX. Comparison is XXXX to XXXX, XXXX.
Calcified lymph XXXX in both XXXX. XXXX amount of focal atelectasis posterior to the left heart. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or large focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal.	Calcinosis / lymph nodes / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / left / retrocardiac / focal	1. Focal atelectasis to the left lung, posterior to the heart.	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with history of cirrhosis, SBP, fevers.
Finding data is null	normal	The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Chest pain, passed out at XXXX
The XXXX and soft tissue appear normal. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. The aortic XXXX is on the left. The trachea is well seen and appears normal. The lungs are clear.	normal	Unremarkable chest study. .	XXXX-year-old XXXX with preoperative examination. Rule out TB.
The heart is large, and the pulmonary XXXX are engorged. No infiltrates.	Cardiomegaly ; Hypertension, Pulmonary ; Pulmonary Congestion	Cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension.	cp, sob
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are grossly clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Atelectasis
Lungs are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the left lung base. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal.	Opacity / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / focal	Findings of COPD and left base focal atelectasis.	30 lb XXXX loss in 4 XXXX, XXXX term XXXX
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. External monitor leads XXXX the thorax. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.	Medical Device / thorax	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Difficulty breathing.
Mild cardiomegaly. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. No focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild	1. Mild cardiomegaly. 2. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male, dyspnea
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is redemonstration of a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Vague nodular density right upper lobe overlying the right anterior 2nd and posterior 6th ribs. This could represent healing fracture or superimposed structures. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	Density / lung / upper lobe / right / round	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Vague left upper lobe nodular density as described above. Further imaging XXXX may be helpful.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No abnormal airspace opacities or large cavitary lung lesions. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.	normal	No radiographic evidence of tuberculosis.	ICD 9 code 795.5
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. Central venous catheter is again noted. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. The left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Catheters, Indwelling ; Diaphragm / left / elevated	1. Elevated left hemidiaphragm. No evidence of active disease.	Pre-transplant.
Stable normal cardiac size and contour with unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary XXXX. No active airspace disease/infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified granuloma right upper lobe.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right	No active/acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX.
Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain.
Right middle lobe opacity is present. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.	Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right	Right middle lobe opacity which may represent a focal area of consolidation or atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea and crackles on exam.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Calcific granulomas are present in the right upper lobe. The XXXX are unremarkable.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain and shortness of breath
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. No definite pneumothorax. No displaced fracture. Small rounded radiopaque density within the posterior superficial subcutaneous fat XXXX represents projectile fragment..	Density / adipose tissue / posterior / round / small ; Opacity / adipose tissue / posterior / round / small ; Foreign Bodies / adipose tissue / posterior / round / small	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Gunshot wound, XXXX one
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula ; Breast Implants ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / moderate	Heart size normal. Mediastinal silhouettes and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Calcified lingular granuloma. No focal consolidations or pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Breast implants there is a moderate wedge XXXX deformity of the midthoracic vertebrae, XXXX T6, age-indeterminate.	Patient confused. Possible head injury.
Lungs are free of infiltrates. However, in the left lower lobe there is a 1 cm diameter nodule that is not calcified. The right lung is clear. The heart, XXXX, and mediastinum are normal.	Nodule / lung / lower lobe / left	No acute disease. Left lower lobe nodule of uncertain identity. Chest CT may be of further XXXX. XXXX level Veriphy message sent.	recurrent pneumonia
Finding data is null	Aorta / tortuous / mild	Heart size normal. Slightly tortuous aorta, unchanged. Lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. No pneumonia.	History of XXXX
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain, shortness of breath.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Negative chest .	pt states hx of asthma \T\ XXXX
Previous lower spine cervical fusion. Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Spine / degenerative	Hyperexpanded but clear lungs.	PT C/O INCREASED SHORTNESS OF BREATH
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size normal. Lungs clear	XXXX hypoxia
There are several small calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / multiple / small ; Spine / degenerative	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX, 786.2
There is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral 7th rib. There is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe. There appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right 8th rib. There is questionable cortical defect involving the sternum seen XXXX on lateral view. XXXX would be XXXX to evaluate this finding. As the small right-sided pleural effusion is visible on both PA and lateral views. There is a XXXX left-sided pleural effusion as well. The left lung appears grossly clear. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. There is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / right / multiple ; Pleural Effusion / right / small ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Pleural Effusion / left ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / mild	1. Minimally displaced fracture involving the lateral right 7th rib, XXXX acute. There is and associated small right pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis. 2. Questionable anterior XXXX cortical disruption seen XXXX on lateral view. XXXX would be needed to evaluate this. 3. XXXX left-sided pleural effusion	786.59, 54yof with chest pain;:attn: sternum,direct XXXX to sternum 3 days ago
Heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly / mild	Mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, pain
Finding data is null	normal	No active disease..	r/o tb
PA and lateral views. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear. No effusions, consolidation or pneumothorax.	normal	Normal chest xray.	Chest pain
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain, rectal bleeding
Heart size moderately enlarged. Mild left costophrenic XXXX blunting. Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, left greater than right. Right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Pleural Effusion / left / small ; Thickening / pleura / left ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / patchy / streaky ; Costophrenic Angle / left / blunted / mild ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right	1. Cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion versus pleural thickening 2. Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities may be compatible with atelectasis versus consolidation, aspiration, clinical correlation recommended	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain
Consolidation and costophrenic XXXX blunting persists in both lower lobes. Heart and pulmonary XXXX remain normal. No XXXX infiltrates.	Consolidation / lung / lower lobe / bilateral ; Costophrenic Angle / lower lobe / bilateral / blunted ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral	Persistent bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid.	XXXX XXXX F with dyspnea and CHF exacerbation
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures.	normal	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs. Heart size is normal. Pulmonary XXXX normal.	Markings / lung / bilateral / interstitial / diffuse / prominent ; Fibrosis / diffuse	Diffuse fibrosis. No visible focal acute disease.	dyspnea, subjective fevers, arthritis, immigrant from Bangladesh
The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart is normal. Calcified right hilar and infracarinal lymph XXXX are seen. The skeletal structures are normal.	Granulomatous Disease ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes ; Calcinosis / trachea, carina / lymph nodes	Old granulomatous disease. No acute pulmonary disease.	Preop back surgery.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Multilevel cervical XXXX arthritis.	Arthritis / cervical vertebrae / multiple	No acute findings.	XXXX.
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right	Heart size or great lungs are clear. Calcified 5 mm granuloma in the right upper lobe underneath the second anterior rib end.	tuberculosis positive PPD in the XXXX. Patient is" allergic"' to PPD serum
There are lower lung volumes. There is central bronchovascular crowding. Volume loss in the medial right upper lobe seen on XXXX is not as well-demonstrated on radiography. No lobar consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular	No acute abnormality identified.	Right-sided chest pain and shortness of breath.
There is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. There is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present. There is a small left pleural effusion. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.	Opacity / lung / base / left / patchy ; Lucency / diaphragm / right ; Pleural Effusion / left / small ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Pneumonia / base / left	1. Question small amount of free intraperitoneal air on the right. This is XXXX to be postprocedural due to the recent abdominal surgery. 2. Left basilar airspace opacity atelectasis versus pneumonitis.	XXXX evaluate for pneumonia retroperitoneal mass
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX, chest pain and hypertensive urgency.
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Lungs are clear bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
Normal heart. Clear lungs. Trachea midline. Scoliosis of lower thoracic spine. Degenerative changes of thoracic spine.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX onset of XXXX.
The cardiac contours are normal. XXXX basilar atelectasis. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Lower cervical XXXX arthritis.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Arthritis / cervical vertebrae	Basilar atelectasis. No confluent lobar consolidation or pleural effusion.	Preop lumbar surgery
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with back pain. Right-sided chest pain..
No focal consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Heart size normal. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old chest pain.
Finding data is null	Deformity / ribs / right ; Lung / hypoinflation / severe ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / bilateral ; Implanted Medical Device / left ; Surgical Instruments / heart	Age-indeterminate contour deformity of the right lateral 8th rib, if findings localize to this region, suspect acute fracture. Very low lung volumes, central and basilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis. Heart size near top normal limits for technique, left infraclavicular cardiac XXXX generator with right atrial and right ventricular leads, sternotomy XXXX, CABG clips. Evaluation for pleural fluid limited but no large pleural effusion seen. No pleural line of pneumothorax.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX not otherwise specified
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Note is XXXX of calcifications in the aortic XXXX. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. There is calcification of the chondral portions of the ribs.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Calcinosis / ribs	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. No displaced rib fractures are seen. .	The patient is an XXXX-year-old woman who XXXX XXXX stepping XXXX a ladder. The patient complains of right hip and right femur pain.
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / aorta ; Hernia, Hiatal / retrocardiac / large ; Cardiomegaly / borderline	Borderline heart size. Calcified aorta. No active pulmonary edema or lobar pneumonia. Probable large retrocardiac hiatal hernia.	Dyspnea
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.	normal	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	Productive XXXX.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Vascular calcification is noted.	Calcinosis / blood vessels	1. No evidence of active disease.	XXXX.
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention ; Lung / interstitial / prominent / mild ; Nipple Shadow / bilateral	Heart size normal. Hyperexpanded lungs with minimal interstitial prominence. Most XXXX represents XXXX's lung. No nodules or masses. Bilateral nipple shadows seen	pain at xiphoid
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	pain
The trachea is midline. The cardio mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour. No evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. Low lung volumes XXXX XXXX atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX and hyperglycemia.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality is identified. There is slightly increased XXXX opacity of the right base compared to the left which may minimal right basilar airspace disease, XXXX in the right middle lobe. The left lung is clear. No pneumothorax or effusion identified.	Opacity / lung / base / right ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right / mild ; Airspace Disease / lung / middle lobe / right / mild	Minimal right basilar airspace disease, XXXX right middle lobe.	XXXX-year-old woman, 8-1/2 months pregnant, with dyspnea and chest pain.
Hyperexpanded lungs. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / multiple	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX
There is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. They're stable tortuosity of the aorta. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta / tortuous	No acute process. Stable cardiomegaly.	possible seizure
There is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. In addition, there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is streaky XXXX opacity within the left lung base XXXX representing atelectasis. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. There is thoracic kyphosis. There is hyperinflation of the lungs.	Deformity / sternum / anterior ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Opacity / lung / base / left / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Lung / hyperdistention	Core irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum may represent an age-indeterminate nondisplaced fracture. In addition, focal lentiform hyperdensity along the XXXX aspect of the sternum may represent callus formation. Left basilar atelectasis otherwise clear lungs.	Chest pain after XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	XXXX for 3 XXXX, XXXX x2 years
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. Mild increased lung markings XXXX due to chronic changes. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Calcified left perihilar granuloma redemonstrated.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Markings / lung / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / moderate ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / left ; Emphysema ; Thickening / lung / interstitial	1. Findings consistent with emphysema with interstitial thickening. This could be due to edema superimposed on emphysema or pneumonitis or fibrosis. XXXX chest if warranted clinically given recent onset of dyspnea. .	XXXX-year-old male with a history of smoking and dyspnea.
The cardiac contours are normal. Aortic calcification. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Granulomatous Disease ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	Cardiac stents, preop
Again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There there is no lobar pneumonia. There are calcified right hilar granuloma. There are degenerative changes of the XXXX. There is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most XXXX represents a skinfold. There is a unchanged fracture with callus at the left 9th lateral rib.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Cicatrix / lung / base / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / right ; Density / costophrenic angle / sulcus / right ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / healed	Unchanged platelike bibasilar opacities most XXXX representing scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Irregular heartbeat, right hip replacement.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are calcified granulomas noted. There are vascular calcifications over the aortic XXXX.	Calcified Granuloma / multiple ; Calcinosis / aorta	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with osteoarthritis of the left hip scheduled for total hip replacement. Preop for surgical XXXX for the hip replacement.
Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary vascularity normal. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Minimal degenerative changes thoracic spine.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Preop neck surgery
Apparent cardiomegaly XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Right base calcified granuloma. Stable right infrahilar nodular density (lateral view). Negative for acute bone abnormality.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right ; Density / lung / hilum / right / round	Borderline cardiomegaly without heart failure.	XXXX-year-old male. XXXX. Headache. Hypertension.
Normal cardiac contours. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. Clear lung XXXX bilaterally. No intervertebral disc narrowing or loss of vertebral body XXXX.	normal	1. No acute bony abnormalities. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with rib and back pain.
The cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. Postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine.	No Indexing	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Rule out pneumonia
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are stable. Aortic calcifications are noted. There are small calcified lymph XXXX. Emphysema and chronic changes are identified. There is XXXX opacity in the left perihilar upper lobe. There is questionable XXXX extension to the pleural surface. This may represent acute infiltrate or developing density. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Calcinosis / lymph nodes / small ; Emphysema ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / hilum / left ; Opacity / lung / lingula	Left midlung opacity may be secondary to acute infectious process or developing mass lesion. Followup to resolution is recommended.	XXXX dyspnea
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	Chest pain
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Seizure and XXXX
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. Calcified left hilar XXXX.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / left	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are low lung volumes. There is no focal opacities. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation	Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Positive PPD
There is redemonstration of an AICD with the left chest wall with stable intact XXXX placement. Surgical cervical XXXX is redemonstrated. Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. XXXX opacity in the left upper lobe, XXXX atelectasis or scarring. No visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact.	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / upper lobe / left ; Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / left	1. Stable AICD with intact XXXX replacement. 2. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .	XXXX-year-old female history of sarcoidosis, ICD placement.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX onset dyspnea.
Stable calcified granulomas. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal.	Calcified Granuloma	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female scheduled for right breast surgery, for XXXX cancer diagnosis. History of XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	No active disease.	chest pain
2 images. Small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base. Otherwise the lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right / small	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Lightheadedness today. History of pulmonary embolism.
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is degenerative changes of the skeletal structures	normal	1. No acute pulmonary disease.	cp
Finding data is null	Granuloma / lung / base / right ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right / multiple ; Nodule / lung / base / right ; Calcinosis / lung / base / right	Calcified right basilar nodule compatible with granuloma / histoplasmoma. A few calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. Lungs overall well expanded and clear. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	724.1 lung nodule
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Clear lungs. No effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified..	XXXX pleuritic pain
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures short thready changes of the spine.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	Increasing shortness of breath and XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	normal	Negative.	XXXX-year-old male. Chest pain and pressure. XXXX.
Normal cardiomediastinal contours, given patient position and technique. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. The lung volumes.	Lung / hypoinflation	Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Chest pain, assault
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. Lungs otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Granulomatous Disease ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain
Finding data is null	Lung / interstitial / diffuse / prominent / mild ; Lung / base / right / interstitial / prominent ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right / focal	Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. There is mild diffuse interstitial prominence, worse in the right lung base. This has developed in the interval, and may represent atypical pneumonia. More focal right base airspace disease may represent scar given the stability over time. No lobar consolidation or effusion. No pneumothorax.	XXXX and XXXX for about one XXXX, shortness of breath started 4 days ago, some chest pain.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly ; Aorta / tortuous	Cardiomegaly, aortic ectasia/tortuosity, cardiomediastinal silhouette appears similar to prior. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female, heart palpitations
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Prominent left epicardial fat XXXX.	Epicardial Fat / left / prominent	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Burshe chest pain x3 days.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. There is no focal airspace consolidation. There is no visible pneumothorax. The left costophrenic sulcus is blunted. However, no retrocardiac pleural fluid collection is seen on the lateral view. The right acromioclavicular joint is mildly widened with respect to the left. This is XXXX-XXXX and may be due to left XXXX XXXX osteoarthritis or a remote right XXXX XXXX mild XXXX.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / moderate ; Costophrenic Angle / sulcus / left / blunted ; Pleural Effusion / left / small ; Adipose Tissue / pleura / left ; Cicatrix / pleura / left ; Cardiomegaly	1. Left-sided small pleural effusion versus extrapleural fat or scarring. 2. Cardiomegaly.	XXXX 6 feet from ladder. Right shoulder pain.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Diaphragmatic Eventration / right ; Spine / degenerative	1. No evidence of active disease.	Chest pain.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show reduced lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis. No definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged.	Medical Device ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / mild ; Cardiomegaly / mild	Mild cardiomegaly. Basilar atelectasis.	Chest pain.
There is S-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. There are T-spine osteophytes. XXXX opacity in the left lower lobe XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no lobar pneumonia. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes	XXXX opacity in left lung base XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring.	COPD exacerbation,
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	normal	Clear lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.	Testicular cancer
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	normal	Clear lungs.	dyspnea
The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There are acute mild anterior XXXX deformities identified at L1-L2. There is retropulsion of the posterior vertebral body of L1. A CT of the lumbar spine was already ordered at the time of this dictation.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left ; Deformity / lumbar vertebrae / anterior / multiple / acute / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Acute anterior XXXX deformities at L1-L2. Please see CT of the lumbar spine for further details.	XXXX-year-old status post MVA.
Lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bony thorax intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Smoking, COPD.
The heart size is within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal contour is normal. There is a right upper lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter. Trachea is midline. The lungs otherwise clear. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.	Nodule / lung / upper lobe / right ; Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right	1. Right upper lobe pulmonary nodule, XXXX granuloma.	chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear without evidence of effusion or infiltrate. There is a small right lower lobe calcified granuloma that is unchanged from prior examinations. No acute bony abnormality. No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right / small	1. Hyperexpanded lungs.	XXXX.
The cardiac contours are normal. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Granulomatous Disease ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	XXXX
The heart is mildly enlarged. Pulmonary vascularity is increased. There is again mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Air space disease and/or atelectasis is noted in right lung base. There is also XXXX streaky opacity in the left base. The costophrenic XXXX are blunted.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Diaphragm / right / elevated / mild ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Opacity / lung / base / left / streaky ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right	1. Cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. 2. Eventration of right hemidiaphragm with basilar atelectasis.	pt with XXXX and difficulty
There is borderline cardiomegaly. Mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated.	Cardiomegaly / borderline	Borderline cardiomegaly. Otherwise unremarkable exam.	XXXX-year-old male with history of mitral valve XXXX
There is a dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter, the distal tip projects over the right atrium. There is no apparent pneumothorax. There is no focal lung opacity or pleural effusion. There is stable right upper lung lucency. The cardiopulmonary mediastinal silhouettes are stable. The visualized osseous structures appear within normal limits.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Lung, Hyperlucent / upper lobe / right	1. Distal tip of the dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter projects over the right atrium. 2. No apparent pneumothorax. 3. Stable right upper lung lucency. CT chest may be helpful to further characterize.	History of central line placement.
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. There is opacity at the base of the mediastinum which is XXXX a hiatal hernia.	Opacity / mediastinum / base ; Hernia, Hiatal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX.
Normal heart size mediastinal contours. Subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Low lung volumes. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / left ; Cicatrix / lung / middle lobe / right / patchy ; Cicatrix / lung / lower lobe / left / patchy ; Lung / hypoinflation	1. Low lung volumes with patchy bilateral scarring versus atelectasis. 2. Otherwise, no acute or XXXX pulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain dyspnea after XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There are a few XXXX opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. No definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Displaced fracture of the mid one-third of the right clavicle.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / multiple ; Fractures, Bone / clavicle / right ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild	1. Previously identified small right pneumothorax is not visualized on today's exam. 2. Minimal bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease.	Right-sided pneumothorax
Heart size within normal limits. Mild hyperinflation of the lungs. Mild pectus excavatum deformity. Stable left mid lung calcified granuloma. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Funnel Chest / mild ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	Changes of chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Normal heart size. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. No focal bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiothoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with epigastric pain.
The cavity and the left upper lobe has decreased in size. Bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged. No XXXX infiltrates in the lower lobes. Heart size remains normal.	Cavitation / lung / upper lobe / left ; Blister / lung / apex / bilateral ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral ; Cavitation / lung / upper lobe / right	Bullous disease and upper lobe scars. Decreasing right upper lobe cavity.	Followup lung carcinoma.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	XXXX onset of substernal chest pain. XXXX for one year.
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	chest pain and XXXX.
Heart size, aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. No visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 6 mm nodular opacity overlies the left anterior 5th rib on the frontal view. No focal bony abnormality identified.	Opacity / ribs / left / anterior / round	1. 6 mm left lung nodular opacity. Recommend comparison with prior images. If prior images are not available than further evaluation with CT chest is recommended. Old chest film from XXXX / XXXX from XXXX was reviewed and the questionable nodule was not XXXX seen.	Productive XXXX. Evaluate for bronchitis. Additionally, history of positive PPD in the XXXX.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest No evidence of tuberculosis	Tuberculosis positive PPD
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size normal and lungs are clear.	chest pain
The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
The heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. The left hilar calcified lymph XXXX appear stable. There is persistence of a left lower lobe calcified nodule XXXX representing a granuloma. The lungs are hyperinflated but otherwise clear bilaterally.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left ; Calcinosis / lung / lower lobe / left ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / left ; Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left ; Lung / hyperdistention / severe	1. Severe hyperinflation. 2. Stable left calcified hilar lymph XXXX.	Preoperative for thyroidectomy, COPD, chest pain, XXXX
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There is a stable calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe. There are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / chronic	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or effusion. No acute bony abnormalities are seen.	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the chest.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is a left chest XXXX with tip projecting over the lower SVC. There is XXXX deformity within the midthoracic spine.	Deformity / thoracic vertebrae ; Catheters, Indwelling	Clear lungs. XXXX deformities within the midthoracic spine. .	Multiple myeloma. BMT W/U;
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph XXXX and scattered calcified granulomas. Stable degenerative changes in the spine.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes ; Calcified Granuloma / scattered ; Spine / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with history of positive PPD, status post treatment.
Normal heart size mediastinal contours. No focal airspace opacity. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized XXXX are unremarkable in appearance.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female, or a persistent pain, nausea, vomiting.
There is a left chest XXXX with tip in the mid SVC. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.	Catheters, Indwelling / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Finding data is null	normal	No active disease.	elevated blood pressure
Finding data is null	Opacity / thoracic vertebrae	Ill-defined opacity projecting over midthoracic spine on lateral view corresponding with residual mass/nodularity seen XXXX scan from XXXX. Well-expanded lungs with no acute airspace disease. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Lung Cancer
Clear lungs. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Shortness of breath
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. No airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. Persistent bilateral lower lobe airspace disease, not significantly XXXX compared to prior. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral	No significant change compared to prior. Bibasilar airspace disease may represent infection or mild edema.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea.
Normal heart size. Density surrounding superior mediastinum reflex combination of vascular, osseous common pleural structures. No focal airspace consolidation. Moderate degenerative disc disease with osteophyte formation bridging.	Density / mediastinum ; Spine / degenerative ; Osteophyte / spine / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, dyspnea, inflammatory arthritis.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute findings.	XXXX and dyspnea
The heart is borderline in size. The mediastinum is stable with changes of XXXX sternotomy and bypass graft. Aorta is atherosclerotic. There are postsurgical changes of the left hemithorax with mild left-sided volume loss as evidenced by diaphragm elevation. Left post thoracotomy rib changes are noted. The right lung is clear. There is no pleural effusion.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Volume Loss / thorax / left / mild ; Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Deformity / thorax / left	Stable left thoracotomy changes with left-sided volume loss. No acute interval change.	Followup lung cancer
KUB. Centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the XXXX of which measure up to about 3.7 cm in diameter. There is also an extremely dilated XXXX in the same region which measures 5.9 cm in diameter. There is extensive soft tissue pannus. Prior abdominal surgery. Chest. There is XXXX left basilar opacity. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. There is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There are no large pleural effusions. There is thickening of the fissure.	Opacity / lung / base / left ; Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Thickening / pleura ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left	KUB 1. There are numerous air-filled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen. These findings are consistent with small bowel obstruction. Chest 1. Left basilar airspace disease, XXXX atelectasis. .	XXXX-year-old with pain with history of strangulated hernia.
Cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. Mildly low lung volumes. No focal infiltrate, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Pain.
The lungs are mildly hyperinflated, with upper lobe areas of lung lucency suggesting obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. No superimposed focal airspace consolidation is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Lucency / lung / upper lobe / bilateral ; Lung, Hyperlucent / upper lobe / bilateral ; Emphysema	Emphysema.	Chest pain.
The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. There is no evidence of pneumonia. The heart pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	INDICATION: HISTORY OF TOBACCO USE;
No focal lung opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.	normal	No focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax.	XXXX
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Left subclavian central catheter tip in distal SVC. No pneumothorax. The lungs are clear.	Catheters, Indwelling / left	No acute disease.	ALLOGENEIC BMT W/U LAB DX.LYMPHOMA;
Heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. The lung parenchyma is clear, without focal airspace opacity. There are no pleural effusions, and there is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, upper abdominal pain, nausea
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged, exaggerated by epicardial fat pads. Interstitium is XXXX prominent. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. There is XXXX spine spondylosis.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / moderate ; Epicardial Fat / prominent ; Lung / interstitial / prominent ; Spondylosis ; Cardiomegaly	1. Unchanged cardiomegaly. 2. Interstitial prominence. Maybe due to technical factors.	Abdominal pain. Dyspnea.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Interval resolution of left effusion. Central venous dialysis catheter unchanged in position. Heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Osseous structures intact.	Catheters, Indwelling	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Complaining of shortness of breath
Redemonstration of moderately-inflated lungs, consistent with COPD and unchanged. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic XXXX seen. No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.	Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Lung / hyperdistention / moderate ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic	Moderately hyperinflated lung XXXX, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	COPD
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX granuloma is noted in the left midlung. The lungs are otherwise clear.	Granuloma / lung / lingula	No acute disease.	XXXX, XXXX and chills
Heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. The lung parenchyma is clear, without focal infiltrate. There are no pleural effusions, and there is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable. No displaced rib fractures. Right nipple ring noted.	Foreign Bodies / right	No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male, pushed from XXXX, chest pain
Frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. There is aortic XXXX vascular calcification. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.	Medical Device ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / severe ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Cardiomegaly / severe ; Pericardial Effusion / severe	Continued severe cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. No acute pulmonary disease process identified.	Chest and back pain.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain.
The lateral view is nondiagnostic due to patient positioning. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	1. Technically limited exam. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX XXXX ago. Right shoulder pain.
There is mild cardiomegaly. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There are mild XXXX opacities bilaterally, favoring scar or atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated. Visualized vertebral body XXXX are grossly intact.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / mild	1. Mild cardiomegaly. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Specifically, no displaced rib fractures demonstrated. .	XXXX, XXXX, left rib XXXX pain.
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated.	normal	No acute XXXX related findings. Please note that nondisplaced fractures may not be demonstrated.	XXXX-year-old female, MVC, pain
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.	normal	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	Right arm numbness. Right-sided chest pain for 2 XXXX. XXXX for 7 years. The patient's lower abdomen was shielded for this exam.
Lungs are hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour.	Lung / hyperdistention	1. No focal air space consolidation. 2. Hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema.	XXXX-year-old female with osteoporosis, emphysema
The heart is borderline in size. The aorta is mildly tortuous. XXXX right IJ catheter is in XXXX with tip in proximal right atrium/cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. Lungs are grossly clear. There is no large effusion.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Catheters, Indwelling / right	Right IJ catheter tip in proximal right atrium. No pneumothorax.	Central line placement
Normal heart size. No focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. Anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / anterior / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Mediastinal contours are normal. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain.
Finding data is null	Infiltrate / lung / upper lobe / bilateral ; Nodule / lung / upper lobe / bilateral	Heart size is normal. Bilateral upper lobe XXXX, fibronodular infiltrates which have been there on prior exams.	XXXX XXXX of breath sputum production
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size normal. Lungs clear. No evidence of tuberculosis. No change from prior exam	TB
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	42y female with positive ppd
Low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine..	Lung / bilateral / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal cardiopulmonary disease. .	XXXX-year-old male with syncope.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.	Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest tightness.
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is identified.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Dyspnea
Heart size is within normal limits. 8mm calcified granuloma in the right base. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with COPD.
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Anticipated senescent changes. No acute airspace disease or CHF. Stable mediastinal contour. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous examination..	weakness XXXX loss
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	XXXX symptoms for one XXXX. Chest palpitations
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX with sputum.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes. Right greater than left bilateral hilar and subcarinal adenopathy is again seen. The cardiac silhouette is prominent but probably artifactually large due to diminished lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There is a deformity of the left clavicle compatible with remote XXXX.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Lung / hilum / lymph nodes / bilateral / enlarged ; Mediastinum / lymph nodes / enlarged ; Trachea, Carina / lymph nodes / enlarged ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / prominent ; Deformity / clavicle / left ; Sarcoidosis	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Mediastinal and hilar adenopathy compatible with patient's known sarcoidosis.	XXXX, difficulty breathing. History of sarcoidosis.
The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	721.3
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes. The largest is noted in the left lower lobe, posteriorly measuring approximately 7.0 cm. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are appreciated.	Nodule / lung / bilateral / multiple ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / left	Numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules with dominant nodule/mass in the left lower lung. Diagnostic considerations would include primary lung carcinoma with metastatic nodules versus secondary metastatic disease from known brain tumor. Suggest clinical correlation and further imaging XXXX examination.	XXXX x 6 months, XXXX; history brain tumor
Borderline enlarged heart. Torturous/ectatic thoracic aorta. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes of the spine. There is fracture of distal right clavicle, better seen on the right shoulder radiographs dated XXXX. Small round lucency in the distal left clavicle, appears benign. Degenerative changes of both XXXX joints.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Spine / degenerative ; Fractures, Bone / clavicle / right ; Lucency / clavicle / left / round / small ; Bone and Bones / degenerative	1. Borderline enlarged heart. 2. Tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta. 3. Fracture of the distal right clavicle, better seen on today's radiograph of the shoulder.	Pain.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	chest pain
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is anterior fusion XXXX at the cervicothoracic junction.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae / anterior ; Spinal Fusion / thoracic vertebrae / anterior	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old complaining of left arm numbness for 2 weeks.
The cardiac silhouette size is at the upper limits of normal. Central vascular markings are mildly prominent. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	Pulmonary Congestion / mild	1. Mild central vascular prominence, XXXX congestion. Heart size at the upper limits of normal.	Shortness of breath
There is a vagal nerve stimulator with XXXX overlying the left chest. XXXX appears intact without fracture. There is a XXXX opacity within the right lung base, XXXX representing atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	Medical Device / left ; Opacity / lung / base / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right / mild	Vagal nerve stimulator overlying the left chest. Minimal atelectasis in the right lung base. .	XXXX Year old male WITH VNS MALFUNCTION
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX and XXXX
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	XXXX XXXX with joint pain, weakness
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis	No acute pulmonary disease.	Right-sided pain
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No pleural effusion.	normal	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	Chest pain.
There are no focal airspace opacities within the lungs. There is a 1 cm nodular density projecting in the right midlung between the third and fourth right anterior ribs which does not appear to be present on the prior XXXX. To the pulmonary interstitium is not clear, making it the vasculature somewhat indistinct in the mid and lower lungs. This may reflect XXXX parenchymal nodules. XXXX nodules were identified on the prior chest CT. Mediastinal contours appear grossly normal. There are small calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. The heart and pulmonary XXXX otherwise appear normal. Pleural spaces appear clear.	Density / lung / middle lobe / right / round ; Pulmonary Congestion / bilateral ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left / small	1. XXXX 1 XXXX nodular density seen on the PA view only projecting in the right midlung. Recommend noncontrasted enhanced XXXX for evaluation of this nodule. Does this patient have known XXXX factors for malignancy? 2. Somewhat indistinct pulmonary interstitium possibly reflecting underlying pulmonary sarcoidosis	Sarcoidosis
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX, chest pain and XXXX x2 weeks.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Short of breath
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	INDICATION data is null
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea for one XXXX.
Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour which is within normal limits. Bilateral interstitial prominence. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormalities.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Lung / bilateral / interstitial / prominent	Mild cardiomegaly with interstitial prominence, could represent mild interstitial edema, atypical infection, or chronic interstitial changes.	Back pain
Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable. No significant interval change compared to prior study, no XXXX infiltrates noted.	normal	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease	Productive XXXX
Apical lordotic frontal view. Heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Chronic appearing contour irregularity of the distal left clavicle and XXXX XXXX widening may be posttraumatic or postsurgical, verterbroplasty noted at the thoracolumbar junction.	Aorta / tortuous ; Deformity / clavicle / left / chronic	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old male, pain, syncope
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX year old male, preoperative evaluation for hemorrhoidectomy.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. Right base densities are again noted which appear improved. Previously seen left pleural effusion has resolved. There continues to be some left base opacities which may represent atelectasis. Surgical clips and suture lines are noted in the mediastinum. An air-fluid level is seen in the upper right abdomen immediately below the right hemidiaphragm. Extensive pleural densities are present on the right which may represent localized fluid or pleural thickening. No definite pneumothorax is seen.	Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Density / lung / base / right ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Surgical Instruments / mediastinum ; Density / pleura / right / severe ; Sutures / mediastinum	1. Continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 2. Extensive post-op changes. 3. Right pleural densities which may represent thickening or localized fluid. 4. Air-fluid level below the right hemidiaphragm medially. Although this could represent air-fluid within a XXXX of bowel, a subpulmonic process is a consideration. If clinically indicated, XXXX scan would better define this.	Rule out aspiration.
Irregularity within the right apex is consistent with patient's known cavitary lesion as a sequela of prior tuberculosis. No evidence of active infection. No focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or effusions identified. Paramediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits and no acute bony abnormality is identified.	Cavitation / lung / apex / right ; Deformity / lung / apex / right / irregular	Right apical cavitary lesion consistent with history of tuberculosis without active infectious process identified.	XXXX-year-old woman with history of TB..
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX.
The heart is enlarged, stable compared to the previous exam. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.	Cardiomegaly	1. Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size normal. Lungs are clear.	INDICATION data is null
There is a right-sided chest XXXX identified whose distal tip projects over the SVC. Heart size is normal. Low lung volumes with elevated right hemidiaphragm. The lungs are grossly clear. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Normal mediastinal and hilar contours. Degenerative changes of the spine.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Spine / degenerative	Low lung volumes. No acute abnormality	Dyspnea, history of prostate cancer. XXXX, shortness of breath, nausea. Patient on chemotherapy
Lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There are postoperative changes of cervical spine fusion.	normal	No active disease.	XXXX-year-old female with chronic XXXX
Lungs are clear. A calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left / small	No active disease.	XXXX-XXXX
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size within normal limits for technique, no mediastinal widening seen. No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated. Dextroscoliosis noted.	Scoliosis / right / mild	No acute findings. Please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted.	XXXX-year-old female, MVA, chest pain
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea
Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Lungs are hyperexpanded bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.	Lung / bilateral / hyperdistention	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild pectus excavatum deformity is noted. The lungs are clear.	Funnel Chest / mild	No acute disease.	XXXX, XXXX
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest.	found unresponsive,
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Scoliosis and arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. There is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine similar to the prior study	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Scoliosis ; Arthritis ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae	Senescent changes no acute pulmonary disease.	Complains of intermittent left arm pain
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. Stable 4 mm lateral left midlung calcified granuloma. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX and shortness of breath.
The lungs are clear. There is no pneumonia. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours appear normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.	No Indexing	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence of pneumonia.	XXXX
Upper mediastinal mass on the right has increased in opacity with some pressure on the right side of the trachea in the interval. No masses or infiltrates in the lungs. Heart and XXXX remain normal.	Mass / mediastinum / right ; Opacity / mediastinum / right ; Deformity / trachea / right	Increasing upper mediastinal mass, probably a goiter. Clear lungs.	Shortness of breath.
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	states having left rib pain along side and under left breast/hx of asthma/no hx of surgery/nonsmoker/hx of cervical cancer several yrs ago. shielded
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are well expanded without consolidation or edema. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.	normal	No radiographic evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease.	Positive PPD.
Low lung volumes. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild left lingular platelike atelectasis. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Clear lungs.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Catheter tubing overlies the left upper quadrant, appearance of the lateral projection suggest prior gastric banding procedure.	Catheters, Indwelling	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain and difficulty swallowing.
Heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Stable right upper lobe scarring with pleural thickening. No XXXX consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / right ; Thickening / pleura	Stable chest. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
Postsurgical changes are noted in the mediastinum. There is tortuosity and/or ectasia of the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. No consolidative airspace opacities. Blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural-parenchymal scarring. No demonstrable pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. Multilevel anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.	Aorta / tortuous ; Costophrenic Angle / sulcus / left / posterior / blunted ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / anterior / multiple ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left / small ; Pleural Effusion / base / left / small	1. Small left basilar parenchymal scarring and/or effusion. 2. Postsurgical changes of the mediastinum. 3. Otherwise unremarkable chest radiograph.	XXXX year-old male with esophageal dyskinesia. Esophageal surgery performed 3 weeks ago.
Cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Clear lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild age-indeterminate anterior wedging of a lower thoracic or upper lumbar vertebra on lateral view. Left-sided rib deformities consistent with old fractures. Mild degenerative changes about the thoracolumbar junction.	Lumbar Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Deformity / lumbar vertebrae / anterior / mild ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / anterior / mild ; Deformity / ribs / left / multiple ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / multiple / healed	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Age-indeterminate mild anterior wedge deformity of a lower thoracic or upper lumbar vertebra. Correlate for focal tenderness and with prior imaging, if possible.	Chest pain
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Partial fusion of 2 vertebral bodies near the thoracolumbar junction.	Spinal Fusion / lumbar vertebrae ; Spinal Fusion / thoracic vertebrae ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	COPD
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	Prior renal cell carcinoma.
Central pulmonary vascular congestion and mild interstitial opacities are present. Negative for pneumothorax. Moderate volume bilateral pleural effusions are present. Mild cardiomegaly. Right upper extremity PICC terminates at the cavoatrial junction. Implantable cardiac device and leads appears unchanged.	Pulmonary Congestion ; Opacity / lung / interstitial / mild ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / moderate ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Implanted Medical Device ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial / mild	1. Central pulmonary vascular congestion and mild interstitial edema, improved since the prior study. 2. Moderate volume bilateral pleural effusions. 3. Mild cardiomegaly. .	ICD/PPM IMPLANT;
Finding data is null	normal	The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX and body XXXX
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	,305.1 TOBACCO USE XXXX
Finding data is null	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Deformity / clavicle / right / chronic ; Markings / lung / interstitial	Heart size within normal limits, minimal aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Abnormal interstitial pattern, nonspecific in appearance with XXXX differential diagnosis including chronic interstitial lung disease, infectious, inflammatory process, atypical pulmonary edema. Not highly characteristic appearance of contusion or aspiration. Chronic appearing contour deformity of the distal right clavicle suggests old injury. No definite pleural effusion seen, no pneumothorax.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX, pain all over
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	INDICATION data is null
Hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / posterior / flattened / mild	Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX
There has been interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. Moderate cardiomegaly is identified. There is mild calcification of the transverse XXXX. XXXX airspace opacities are identified with bilateral pleural effusions.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral ; Calcinosis / mild	1. Interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. 2. Bibasilar airspace opacities and bilateral pleural effusions.	XXXX year old dialysis catheter placement.
There is severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs. The lungs are chronically hypoinflated. There is XXXX visualization of the hemidiaphragms, which may be due to basilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Evaluation of the lungs is markedly limited. Overall, the appearance is similar to the prior study from XXXX. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / severe ; Deformity / ribs / bilateral / chronic ; Lung / hypoinflation / chronic ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild	Low lung volumes with probable mild bibasilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Markedly limited exam, without significant interval change from XXXX. .	Dyspnea. Midsternal chest pressure, tightness. History of pneumonia one month ago.
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Atelectasis / upper lobe / right ; Infiltrate / lung / upper lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / left ; Foreign Bodies / breast	The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be are unremarkable. An element of atelectasis and infiltrate is noted involving the right upper lobe. In addition, subsegmental atelectatic change is present overlying the left ventricle. No pneumothorax is identified. The osseous structures appear to be unremarkable. Incidental note is XXXX of nipple XXXX.	This is a XXXX-year-old female patient with shortness of breath and dyspnea.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are hypoinflated. There are XXXX streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. XXXX B-lines are also noted. Definite infiltrate is not excluded. There is no large effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / base / left / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Congestion / mild ; Markings / bronchovascular	1. Low lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. Infiltrate is XXXX less XXXX but not entirely excluded. 2. Mild central vascular congestion and bronchovascular crowding.	XXXX and XXXX since XXXX XXXX
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable calcified granuloma in the left midlung. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	XXXX and shortness of breath for 5 to 7 XXXX. XXXX, chills, bodyaches.
Clear lungs bilaterally. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal cardiac contour.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear normal limits. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Weakness, vomiting, chest pain.
Heart is normal in size. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute or destructive bone abnormality.	normal	Normal chest.	XXXX-year-old female, bone marrow transplant XXXX workup. No chest complaints.
The patchy right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are largely unchanged in the interval. No XXXX infiltrates. Heart size remains large. Tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea. A right central line has its tip at the superior XXXX XXXX.	Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / bilateral / interstitial / patchy ; Cardiomegaly ; Tube, Inserted / trachea ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Lung Diseases, Interstitial / base / bilateral / patchy	Persistent cardiomegaly and patchy bibasilar interstitial disease.	growing Pseudomonas, on XXXX XXXX
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	EtOH, assess for malignancy
This study is limited secondary to patient body habitus. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	Limited study but no acute pulmonary disease identified.	Pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	Difficulty breathing and XXXX
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There has been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / multiple / healed ; Spine / degenerative	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX
Chest. Both lungs are clear and expanded with no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations. Heart and mediastinum remain normal. Lumbosacral spine. XXXX, disc spaces, and alignment are normal. Sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal.	normal	1. Chest. No active disease. 2. Lumbar spine negative.	Hematemesis; BACK PAIN 724.5
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Heart size normal. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures intact.	Opacity ; Granulomatous Disease ; Nodule	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mediastinal calcification and dense right upper lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process.	Calcinosis / mediastinum ; Nodule / lung / upper lobe / right	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX, XXXX of breath, chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. Slight thoracolumbar curvature is noted.	Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / mild ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / mild	No acute disease.	XXXX Patient states he has been on antibiotics for approx. 1 XXXX.
The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable in size and contour. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality. Large hiatal hernia.	Hernia, Hiatal / large	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Large hiatal hernia.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX
The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size but stable from prior exam. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	Lungs are clear. No parenchymal infiltrates. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal	Pain.
The heart size is within normal limits. After cirrhotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space suggestive of emphysema. Streaky left basilar opacities are favored to represent scarring. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. Scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities.	Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Opacity / lung / base / left / streaky ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae / severe ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / bilateral / scattered ; Emphysema / chronic	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Chronic changes of emphysema and left basilar scarring.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Calcified left coronary arteries noted. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	Calcinosis / coronary vessels / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Calcified left coronary arteries noted. .	XXXX-year-old XXXX, preoperative evaluation for CABG, history of coronary artery disease and dyspnea.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Right chest XXXX tip is visualized in the distal SVC. There is no pneumothorax. The right cardiac margin is partially obscured and may be secondary to overlying cardiophrenic fat. The lungs are otherwise clear.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Heart / obscured	No acute disease.	ALLOGENEIC BMT W/U LAB;
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	XXXX.
The heart is normal in size. The cardiomediastinal contours are stable. There are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial right-sided loculation. Biapical scarring and pleural thickening appears stable. There is again right-sided superior hilar retraction and mild rightward XXXX deviation. No acute infiltrate is appreciated.	Pleural Effusion / left ; Pleural Effusion / right / focal / multiple ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral ; Thickening / pleura / bilateral ; Deformity / lung / hilum / right ; Shift / mediastinum / right ; Thickening / pleura / apex / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / apex / right ; Volume Loss / lung / right	1. Stable bilateral pleural effusions and pleural thickening, right worse than left, with mild right-sided loculation. 2. Stable appearance of right apical thickening/atelectasis with volume loss, possibly related to prior radiation or surgery. Suggest clinical correlation.	METASTATIC TESTICULAR CANCER
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. No effusions. No pneumonia	XXXX with XXXX and dyspnea
Finding data is null	Cicatrix / lung / lingula / mild	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Minimal lingular scarring. Overall, Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	TRANSPLANT/ EKG
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	Granulomatous Disease	No acute findings. No evidence of pneumonia.	XXXX.
Mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. No focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion demonstrated. Considering technical factors heart size XXXX within normal limits.	Markings / lung / middle lobe / bilateral / interstitial / prominent ; Markings / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial / prominent ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	Prominent interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases which may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema. Clinical correlation is recommended.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Dyspnea.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	dyspnea
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute disease.	Chest pain, pneumothorax.
Patchy interstitial infiltrates have developed in both lower lobes. Both costophrenic XXXX are blunted. Aorta is somewhat tortuous, with the heart size is normal. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.	Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / bilateral / interstitial / patchy ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral / patchy ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small	Bibasilar patchy airspace disease with bilateral small pleural fluid collections.	Shortness of breath.
2 images. Calcified granuloma, right lung base. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Dyspnea.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. XXXX opacities in the right lower lung representing atelectasis versus scarring. Significantly decreased subcutaneous soft tissue since comparison radiograph. Probable pectus deformity. Negative for acute bony abnormality.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / right ; Cicatrix / lung / lower lobe / right ; Funnel Chest ; Lung, Hyperlucent ; Deformity / thorax	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Hyperlucent lungs, XXXX related to cachexia and probable pectus excavatum deformity.	XXXX-year-old male, cachectic HIV patient.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX/granulomas. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Old fracture, right mid clavicle.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / left ; Fractures, Bone / clavicle / right / healed	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male. Shortness of breath. Syncope. Seizure.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Normal chest.	Chest pain and XXXX symptoms
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX
Finding data is null	Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Pleural Effusion / base / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Lung / interstitial / prominent	1. Left PICC in the mid SVC. Negative for pneumothorax. 2. Unchanged bibasilar airspace opacities compatible with pulmonary effusions and atelectasis. Increased interstitial prominence may reflect underlying pulmonary edema possibly secondary to infectious etiology. 3. Stable postsurgical changes of the distal right clavicle.	XXXX-year-old male post PICC placement
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Chronic XXXX
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with wheezing, XXXX, XXXX..
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a small stable XXXX foreign body noted over the left chest. There are vascular calcifications over the aortic XXXX. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Foreign Bodies / thorax / left / small ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Spine / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with shortness of breath. History of bladder cancer. XXXX.
Normal heart. Calcified right hilar granulomas. No focal infiltrate. Midline trachea.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Rule out pneumonia/XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Barrett's esophagus.
Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease	Chest pain.
Low lung volumes. Bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. Stable left abdominal surgical clips. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Cicatrix / lung / base / bilateral ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / left	Low lung volumes. Bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring.	XXXX-year-old female with hypotension.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is again biapical scarring. Small stable calcified left lower lobe granuloma. The lungs are otherwise clear.	Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left / small	No acute disease.	Testis cancer dx XXXX
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Syncope
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. Arthritic changes are seen throughout the spine and both XXXX.	Arthritis / spine	No active disease.	Preop XXXX for hip surgery.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is ectasia of the thoracic aorta. No pleural effusion is identified.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous	Normal chest film.	INDICATION data is null
The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Mild congestion without edema. Lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Redemonstrated are endplate depressions of the vertebral bodies, compatible with XXXX cell changes.	Pulmonary Congestion / mild ; Spine / degenerative	1. Stable chest with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX cell crisis
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged with a cardiothoracic ratio of 16.2/24.7. Diffuse coarse interstitial opacity seen throughout the lungs with perihilar and lower lobe predominance. There is right greater than left bibasilar consolidation. There are small pleural effusions, right larger than left. No evidence of pneumothorax. Dense atherosclerotic calcification seen involving the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / moderate ; Opacity / lung / lower lobe / interstitial / diffuse / prominent ; Opacity / lung / hilum / interstitial / diffuse / prominent ; Consolidation / lung / base / bilateral ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Atherosclerosis / aorta	Enlarged cardiac silhouette with coarse perihilar and lower lobe interstitial opacities may be due to diffuse infection or heart failure. Small pleural effusions.	Slurred speech, confusion, weakness, shortness of breath.
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise the lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular	Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding otherwise lungs are clear.	Dyspnea.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes	Slight cardiomegaly. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. No edema or effusions.	chest pain dyspnea XXXX
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly ; Catheters, Indwelling / right	Cardiomegaly. No infiltrates or effusions. Right catheter tip upper SVC. The XXXX appears to be a normal orientation on the lateral film. There's been no change in position of the catheter since the prior exam.	XXXX XXXX placement
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size normal. Lungs clear. No edema or effusions.	XXXX dyspnea
Apparent cardiomegaly XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Relative elevation right hemidiaphragm. Streaky left retrocardiac densities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	Cardiomegaly ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Density / left / retrocardiac / streaky ; Surgical Instruments ; Pulmonary Atelectasis ; Opacity / left / retrocardiac	1. Cardiomegaly without heart failure. 2. Low lung findings. Left retrocardiac opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old male. Left shoulder pain. Hypertension.
PA and lateral views. stable postoperative changes with midline sternotomy XXXX and myocardial revascularization. Cardiac size remains mildly enlarged but stable. There is mild vascular congestion. Small bilateral pleural effusions are present, which are XXXX.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Pulmonary Congestion / mild ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Heart Failure	Mild pulmonary vascular congestion, with XXXX XXXX bilateral effusions. Constellation findings is most compatible with congestive heart failure.	XXXX.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Chest pain
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouettes. Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. Stable appearance of scarring at lung bases. Prominent bilateral interstitial opacities are chronic in XXXX. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormality.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / base / bilateral ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial / prominent / chronic ; Emphysema	Chest radiograph. Stable emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Heart size normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact.	Density / thorax / round / multiple ; Granulomatous Disease / chronic	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old female with arthritis and dyspnea
Clear lungs. Normal heart mediastinum. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Nipple ring on left.	Foreign Bodies / left	Normal chest exam.	XXXX vehicle accident.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is persistent stable appearing right apical scarring. There is persistent left basilar scarring. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Cicatrix / lung / apex / right ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Spine / degenerative / mild	Chronic lung disease without superimposed acute disease identified.	XXXX-year-old with right apical scarring. Followup study. Coughing with shortness of breath. Occasional XXXX.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. Again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Bullous Emphysema / lung / apex / bilateral ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Stable bullous emphysematous changes.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
Heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. Stable calcification of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is no focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.	Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Dyspnea, XXXX and shortness of breath
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are grossly clear.	normal	No acute infiltrate.	XXXX
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	INDICATION data is null
There is bibasilar airspace disease. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and stable. There is blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX unchanged XXXX scarring. No pneumothorax.	Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral ; Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted ; Cicatrix / lung / right	Bibasilar airspace disease.	XXXX .
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Calcinosis / aorta	Stable slight cardiomegaly. Sternotomy. Lungs clear. No destructive lesions of the ribs. No masses or nodules. Stable resection of distal left clavicle. No XXXX fractures of the thoracic spine. Aortic calcification.	breast cancer right scapular pain rule out mass.
Heart size is within normal limits. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. Lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	chest pain
No acute osseous abnormality. The soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No cavitations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Specifically, no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis.	XXXX-year-old female with tuberculosis contact, rule out TB.
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.	No Indexing	There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	XXXX, acute sinusitis
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	XXXX XXXX XXXX with h/o dyspnea
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	MORBID OBESITY; preop renal surgery and colostomy reversal.
Cardiomediastinal contours within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There are scattered calcified testes bilaterally, consistent with prior granulomatous infection, stable. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. Bony structures unremarkable.	Granulomatous Disease ; Calcinosis / bilateral / scattered	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Prior granulomatous infection.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain.
There are patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. There are atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX. There are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial / patchy ; Opacity / lung / base / pulmonary alveoli / bilateral / patchy ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is patchy infiltrate within normal right lower lobe. Mild XXXX opacities in the retrocardiac region. No large effusions or pneumothorax.	Opacity / retrocardiac / mild ; Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / right / patchy ; Infiltrate / lung / base / left	Patchy right lower lobe infiltrate as well as probable left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis.	Shortness of breath
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Aorta / tortuous ; Lung / hilum / prominent ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right / patchy	Borderline cardiac enlargement. Tortuous aorta. Prominent hilar contours. Worsening patchy peripheral opacification in the right midlung, somewhat pleural based. A pneumonia superimposed on changes of emphysema and parenchymal scarring would be a consideration. A followup study and 4 to 6 weeks could be considered to evaluate for resolution. If this area does not resolve, further characterization with XXXX may be warranted.	Hypoxia
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. There are emphysematous changes with increased interstitial markings, particularly in the periphery and lung bases. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. There is no pleural effusion.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Emphysema ; Markings / lung / interstitial	Emphysema with increased lung markings markings, possibly superimposed chronic lung disease/fibrosis.	Nonproductive XXXX
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Minimal blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX. No pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.	Costophrenic Angle / left / blunted / mild	No acute pulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female, history of TB, rule out active pulmonary infection
There is stable marked cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. The left chest pacemaker is unchanged from comparison exam with fractured proximal lateral XXXX and both XXXX tips overlying the right ventricle. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.	Cardiomegaly / severe ; Implanted Medical Device / left ; Implanted Medical Device / left	Stable marked cardiomegaly. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with dyspnea.
There is an irregular opacity projecting over the left apex. Additionally there is a more inferior left upper lobe opacity measuring approximately 6 mm in diameter. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Heart size is normal limits. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.	Opacity / lung / apex / left / irregular ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Left upper lobe opacities, cannot exclude mass lesions. Recommend CT chest for further evaluation.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX.
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is asymmetric opacity to left suprahilar chest. No discrete correlate is seen on lateral view. Findings may reflect focal airspace disease or adenopathy. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.	Opacity / lung / hilum / left	1. Asymmetric left suprahilar opacity, consider focal airspace disease or adenopathy. Correlate clinically as to XXXX or symptoms of infection. Recommend followup radiograph to document resolution.	XXXX left chest pain
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Deformity of the right clavicle related to remote XXXX is again seen. Visualized upper abdomen grossly unremarkable.	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain.
Redemonstration of interstitial opacities, consistent with patient's history of pulmonary fibrosis. Unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum, and in the pretracheal region. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is the upper limits of normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact.	Opacity / lung / interstitial ; Pulmonary Fibrosis ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / bilateral ; Calcified Granuloma / paratracheal ; Markings / lung / bilateral / interstitial	Interstitial markings bilaterally, pulmonary fibrosis, unchanged. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
The parenchymal scar in the left lower lobe is unchanged in the interval. No XXXX infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart and mediastinum are normal.	Cicatrix / lung / lower lobe / left	No change. No active disease.	XXXX
Low lung volumes bilaterally with bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. There is blunting of the bilateral costophrenic sulci. Cardiac device overlies left chest, leads intact, tips overlying right atrium and right ventricle. No pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes of the spine.	Lung / bilateral / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Costophrenic Angle / sulcus / bilateral / blunted ; Implanted Medical Device / left ; Cardiomegaly ; Spine / degenerative ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral	Cardiomegaly with bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left. .	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There is no definite evidence of acute fracture.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Pain, pedestrian XXXX 2 XXXX ago.
Unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is mildly enlarged. Mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine anterior osteophytes noted inferiorly. Pulmonary artery prominence.	Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple ; Pulmonary Artery / prominent	1. Mild cardiomegaly. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female with chest.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. No focal consolidations, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine.	Spine / degenerative / chronic	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Findings compatible with prior granulomatous disease. The visualized XXXX XXXX are intact without acute osseous abnormality.	Granulomatous Disease	Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old woman with hematemesis.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	Chest pain.
There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are low lung volumes.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / base / left / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left	Lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity consistent with subsegmental atelectasis.	Right post thoracic pain.
Heart size is normal. There are densely calcified mediastinal and right hilar lymph XXXX which suggest prior histoplasmosis exposure. No consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No convincing acute bony findings.	Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right	No acute abnormality identified.	MVA.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. Dual-XXXX cardiac pacing device is in XXXX, stable position with leads projecting over the right atrium and right ventricle. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	Implanted Medical Device	Cardiac pacemaker in stable position. No evidence of acute complication.	Pacemaker placement.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX, chest pain
Hyperaerated lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms. Normal heart size. Increased retrosternal airspace. No focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / flattened	No acute findings.	COPD.
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky ; Cardiomegaly / mild	Streaky bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis with hypoventilation. Heart size mildly enlarged for technique, stable mediastinal contours. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain
Lungs mildly hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Left hilar calcifications and dense left lower lobe nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. Overall heart size within normal limits with prominent right atrial convexity, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Diaphragm / posterior / flattened ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / left ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / left / multiple ; Density / lung / lower lobe / left / round / multiple ; Heart Atria / right / prominent	1. Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX. 2. Question mild right atrial enlargement, no findings to suggest pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old male, pain
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Dyspnea.
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Probable DISH of the thoracic spine.	Hyperostosis, Diffuse Idiopathic Skeletal / thoracic vertebrae	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute findings.	Preop anesthesia XXXX
Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. No consolidative airspace opacities. No radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with syncope
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX XXXX..XXXX
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute preoperative findings.	Preop bariatric surgery.
Heart size is within normal limits. Tortuous thoracic aorta. There is patchy right base airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right / patchy ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Pneumonia / lower lobe / right	Right lower lobe pneumonia.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea and productive XXXX.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. The right heart XXXX appears obscured and there are streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities, possibly due to airspace disease or atelectasis. Otherwise, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.	Heart / right / obscured ; Opacity / lung / base / right / streaky	Obscured right heart XXXX with streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities, possibly due to airspace disease versus atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old woman with shortness of breath.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	Positive TB skin test.
The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old female with 100 XXXX XXXX loss.
The heart is normal in size. Mild convexity of right mediastinal contour XXXX superimposed vasculature/ aortic tortuosity. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion are seen.	Mediastinum / right / enlarged / mild ; Aorta / tortuous	No acute disease.	Shortness of breath
Finding data is null	Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Stable 5 mm right midlung perform granuloma	preop for XXXX surgery XXXX surgery on jaw
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. The inferior posterior sulcus is excluded.	Sulcus / posterior / obscured	No acute or active cardiac or pulmonary disease process. Cannot exclude small pleural effusions.	XXXX.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. There is improved lung volumes bilaterally with persistent bibasilar atelectatic opacities, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute bony abnormality identified.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral	Improving lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with recent myocardial infarction, increasing oxygen requirements..
Normal heart size. Clear lungs without pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Normal chest exam.	XXXX-year-old with dyspnea. Preop for bariatric studies.
Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.	normal	Normal chest exam.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are stable and within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Specifically, no radiographic evidence of active tuberculosis.	Screening for pulmonary tuberculosis
Interval removal of cardiac XXXX generator. Cardiomegaly. Left base streaky opacities again noted. No large focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures intact. No pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly ; Opacity / lung / base / left / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis ; Infiltrate / lung	1. Streaky left basilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis versus infiltrate. 2. Cardiomegaly, stable.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable	normal	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX and XXXX
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Stable hyperinflation without focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Healed left rib fractures again noted.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Aorta / tortuous ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / healed	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old female, pain and weakness
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute findings.	Back pain and hemoptysis.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute preoperative findings.	Preop total knee replacement.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	normal	Impression data is null	SOB WITH XXXX
The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. Pulmonary hypoinflation. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female dyspnea.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. A single XXXX cardiac defibrillator XXXX projects over the right ventricle, in stable position. There are XXXX sternotomy XXXX and surgical clips from prior CABG.	Implanted Medical Device ; Surgical Instruments / thorax	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Ischemic cardiomyopathy.
Heart is mildly heart enlarged. Mediastinal contour normal. There is mild diffuse interstitial prominence suggestive of edema. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of the the spine.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Markings / lung / interstitial / diffuse / mild ; Spine / degenerative ; Heart Failure / mild	1. Findings consistent with mild congestive heart failure.	Worsening dyspnea, history of coronary artery disease
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. Lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Chest pain, XXXX. MVA.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. XXXX closure device demonstrated projecting over the right heart. There are no acute bony findings.	Implanted Medical Device / heart / right	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Post XXXX closure.
Lung volumes are low. No infiltrates in the lungs. No pleural air collections. Sternotomy sutures and bypass graft markers are present. Heart size normal.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Surgical Instruments	Postoperative chest. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.	chest pain
Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. Prior granulomatous disease appears stable.	Granulomatous Disease	Stable exam without acute abnormality.	XXXX.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Again seen is XXXX paraspinal foreign body which may represent a bullet fragment.	Foreign Bodies / spine	Negative chest .	Dyspnea
Minimal patchy bibasilar airspace opacities, XXXX atelectasis or evolving pneumonia. The heart pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Is minimal blunting of the pleural spaces, XXXX XXXX effusions.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / patchy / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis ; Pneumonia ; Pleura / blunted / mild ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral	1. Minimal patchy bibasilar opacities, XXXX evolving pneumonia or atelectasis 2. XXXX bilateral pleural effusions	SOB on exertion
The central venous line has been removed. An inflammatory defibrillator is noted. The heart is enlarged. The patient is status post XXXX sternotomy. Right pleural effusion is present and unchanged. No pneumothorax is seen. There has been clearing of the left base airspace disease. Some continued right lung opacities are present which may represent areas of scarring.	Implanted Medical Device ; Cardiomegaly ; Pleural Effusion / right / small ; Opacity / lung / right ; Airspace Disease / lung / right	1. Cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. 2. Small right pleural effusion. No change. 3. Clearing of left base airspace disease. 4. Improvement in right lung airspace disease.	Lung cancer.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.	No Indexing	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Shortness of breath.
Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female, followup asthma exacerbation.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. In the left midlung zone, there has been development of a small lung nodule. This measures approximately 8 mm in diameter.	Nodule / lung / lingula / small	1. 8 mm left midlung nodule. XXXX since XXXX. Comparison to interval outside film would be helpful to assess the chronicity of this nodule. If old films are not available, or if this is XXXX, chest CT scan could be XXXX to better define this.	Pre-transplant evaluation.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No effusion, nodules, adenopathy, or masses.	INDICATION data is null
There is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency, this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum. There are low lung volumes and bilateral moderate to large pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease that are larger in size in comparison to the prior exam. No pneumothorax. Heart size upper limits of normal. The left central venous catheter tip overlies the lower SVC. The feeding tube has been placed in the interval and extends below the diaphragm and below the XXXX-of-view.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / large ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral ; Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Tube, Inserted ; Lucency / diaphragm / left ; Pneumoperitoneum	1. Concern for left subphrenic free air. Verification with abdominal decubitus views is recommended for further evaluation. 2. Interval increase in size of the moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease. 3. Left central venous catheter in unchanged position. 4. Interval placement of feeding tube the courses beneath the diaphragm and out of the XXXX-of-view.	XXXX-year-old male with shortness of breath.
Sternotomy XXXX appear intact. Borderline heart size. Aortic calcification noted. Calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX unchanged. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragms. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Spine / degenerative	No acute abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX, fatigue.
The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild	No acute abnormality demonstrated.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX and bronchitis.
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX-year-old female, preoperative evaluation.
Finding data is null	Catheters, Indwelling ; Ribs / right / posterior / enlarged / mild	Catheter tip mid SVC. Heart size is normal. No acute alveolar or interstitial infiltrates. The 9th posterior lateral right rib is slightly expanded and this may be the site of an old healed fracture. Otherwise no acute rib fractures seen. Bone scan may be informative	rib pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The right chest XXXX tip is visualized in the mid SVC. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are clear.	Catheters, Indwelling / right	No acute disease.	MULTIPLE MYELOMA BMT W/U LAB;
The trachea is midline. The heart XXXX is slightly large. There are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise the lungs appear clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	SOB
Stable cardiomegaly with left-sided implanted ICD. Hilar pulmonary venous vasculature stable compared to prior examination. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusions identified. No acute osseous abnormality is identified.	Cardiomegaly ; Implanted Medical Device / left	Stable cardiomegaly without evidence of overt heart failure/pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old male shortness of breath..
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	Chest pain
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Negative chest .	Presyncope
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. There are no acute infiltrates, effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.	normal	Normal chest x-XXXX	dyspnea
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild spine curvature noted.	Scoliosis / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain, syncope.
Redemonstration of moderate left pneumothorax which is unchanged from comparison. Left pleural catheter is again seen overlying the left upper lung at the level of the left 5th and 6th ribs. No focal consolidation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.	Pneumothorax / left / moderate ; Catheters, Indwelling / left	No change in moderate left pneumothorax with left pleural drainage catheter again seen overlying the left upper lung.	XXXX-year-old male, status post chest tube with pneumothorax
Normal heart size. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Left nipple silhouette visualized. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Foreign Bodies / breast / left	Hyperexpanded lungs, otherwise clear.	XXXX-year-old female. XXXX. XXXX.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Osteopenia and XXXX deformities, degenerative changes and scoliosis are present in the thoracic spine. Calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. On XXXX component of a XXXX scan XXXX XXXX/XXXX, several nodules were identified. A nodule is seen in the right middle lobe which corresponds with one of the nodules present on the previous CT scan.	Bone Diseases, Metabolic / thoracic vertebrae ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left ; Nodule / lung / middle lobe / right	1. Right middle lobe lung nodule. Corresponds to one of those seen on the previous XXXX scan. The other nodules seen on the chest CT scan are not XXXX identified. This may be due to XXXX having resolved or simply not being visible on the chest x-XXXX. A chest CT scan would be needed to be XXXX to determine whether these have XXXX resolved or XXXX not visible on the chest x-XXXX.	XXXX loss.
Cardiomegaly. Prominent XXXX are stable. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax. Minimal right costophrenic XXXX blunting. No focal infiltrates.	Cardiomegaly ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted / mild ; Pleural Effusion / right	Cardiomegaly with XXXX right pleural effusion.	Difficulty breathing, chest pain, XXXX for 3 days.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Negative chest .	Chest pain, XXXX
Finding data is null	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / degenerative	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine	persistent XXXX XXXX
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Calcified right paratracheal lymph XXXX are seen. Aorta is atherosclerotic. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated without focal consolidation. There is no pleural effusion.	Calcinosis / lymph nodes / right / paratracheal ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Lung / hypoinflation / mild	No acute disease.	Colorectal mass, evaluate for lung mass
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with clavicle pain
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Scattered granulomatous changes. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Bony thorax is unremarkable	Granuloma / scattered / multiple ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX.
Cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are normal limits. Increased interstitial opacities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.	Cardiomegaly ; Opacity / lung / interstitial ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial	Cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities XXXX represent interstitial edema.	Dyspnea
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Lung / hilum / bilateral / prominent	Borderline heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. Elevated right diaphragm. Prominent hilar contours bilaterally. No acute pulmonary consolidation or pleural effusion.	Chest pain
The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX, wheezing, dyspnea
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX vehicle collision
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Tortuous aorta with atherosclerotic calcification. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. There are multiple overlying leads at the level of the left lower chest, with overlying XXXX XXXX or clothing there is this is thought to account for mild increased density the left lung base on AP view, with correlate on lateral view. Degenerative spine.	Aorta / tortuous ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Medical Device / thorax / left ; Density / lung / base / left / mild ; Spine / degenerative ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	XXXX x2 weeks
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.	DVT
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures show arthritic changes.	Arthritis	No acute pulmonary disease.	The patient's physical. Smoking history.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	left chest pain pleurisy
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX-year-old female with pain and shortness of breath.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	31yof with XXXX and chest pain
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are hyperexpanded. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Lung / hyperdistention	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old HIV-positive male with a XXXX for a few days.
The heart size is enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Cardiomegaly ; Aorta / tortuous	1. Cardiomegaly without lung infiltrates.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Left-sided rib pain.
The The cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. Atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. The lungs are clear with no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . Deformity of multiple left anterior ribs are present from previous fractures. Lumbar scoliosis is noted.	Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Deformity / ribs / left / anterior / multiple ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / anterior / multiple ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Preoperative exam for hip surgery
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female XXXX.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is mild calcification of the aortic XXXX, consistent with atherosclerosis. The lung volumes are low, with bronchovascular crowding. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Moderate degenerative changes of the spine.	Calcinosis / aorta / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Spine / degenerative / moderate	1. Low lung volume study, no acute pulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old with dyspnea.
Postsurgical changes noted overlying the left axilla. No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old female, history of breast cancer, no chest complaints.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Shortness breath on exertion. Mitral insufficiency. Recent bronchitis.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. scoliosis.	Scoliosis	Clear lungs.	AML/bone marrow transplant workup
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal There is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax. Clear lungs There are no large pleural effusions No evidence of displaced fractures.	normal	1. No evidence of pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. 2. Clear lungs.	XXXX
Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. Lungs are clear except for residuals of prior granulomatous infection. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.	Granulomatous Disease	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Right arm tingling
No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old male, dyspnea.
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. There is elevated right hemidiaphragm and evidence of right upper lobectomy. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Pneumonectomy / lung / upper lobe / right 	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	+PPD. No known exposure. History of right upper lobectomy.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No effusions, pneumonia, or pneumothorax.	chest pain
AP view was obtained due to patient condition. Low volume lungs. No focal lung consolidation. The heart is not enlarged. No pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	No acute abnormality.	-- XXXX
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
Heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	chest pain
The lungs appear clear. There are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. The pleural spaces are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	,786.05 XXXX XXXX to XXXX
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Right-sided aortic XXXX. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. There is right basal XXXX patchy opacity and bibasal atelectasis or scarring. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right apical calcified granuloma noted.	Opacity / lung / base / right / patchy ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Cicatrix / lung / base / bilateral ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / apex / right ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right / acute ; Lung Diseases, Interstitial	1. Right basal acute airspace disease. Please correlate clinically for pneumonia. 2. Chronic interstitial pattern, may reflect COPD.	Shortest breath
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention	Heart size normal. Mediastinal silhouette and vascularity are within normal limits. Lungs are clear, hyperinflated. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Preop, right leg ischemia
Finding data is null	normal	Rib films. No fractures or dislocations. Chest. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. No effusion or pneumothorax. Minimal degenerative disease thoracic spine	rib pain. Left rib left chest pain.
Heart size is mildly enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta / tortuous ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / patchy ; Spine / degenerative	1. Low volume study without acute process. 2. Mild cardiomegaly.	Left-sided chest pain
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragm. No focal lung consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusions.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened	No cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Syncope
There is a large airspace opacity in the right lower and middle lobes. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right / large ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right / large ; Consolidation / lung / multilobar	Multilobar airspace consolidation.	Shortness of breath
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. There is calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes	1. No acute pulmonary disease.	Positive PPD. XXXX.
The lungs are clear. The heart pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	Chest pain
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with pain.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	Negative chest x-XXXX.	XXXX.
The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. A large hiatal hernia is noted. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Hernia, Hiatal / large ; Spine / degenerative	1. No evidence of active disease.	Breast cancer.
No pleural effusion no pneumothorax. Normal cardiac contour. No focal consolidation. Lungs clear bilaterally.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX failure after overdose.
The heart size is enlarged. The aorta is tortuous. The pulmonary vasculature appears normal. Lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No bony abnormalities.	Cardiomegaly ; Aorta / tortuous	1. Cardiomegaly	chest pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with history of right cervical lymphadenopathy..
Evaluation for pneumothorax is limited due to exclusion of the superior-most pulmonary apices. No visible pleural XXXX. No focal air space opacities or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No free subdiaphragmatic air. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Included osseous structures are grossly intact.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Lungs are hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses. The eventration of the left hemidiaphragm identified previously is largely unchanged since the previous computed tomogram. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / left ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	Findings of COPD with no acute changes.	recurrent XXXX
Mild cardiomegaly. Low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Lung / hypoinflation	Mild cardiomegaly without heart failure.	XXXX-year-old female. Chest pain.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy. The appearance is unchanged. There is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally. These are also unchanged. No focal superimposed airspace disease is seen. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted.	Lung / hilum / lymph nodes / bilateral / enlarged ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial ; Sarcoidosis	1. Continued hilar fullness consistent with adenopathy and bilateral interstitial opacities. Stable as compared to earlier study. The changes are compatible with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis.	Sarcoidosis.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	TESTIS CA
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. XXXX right lower lung opacity XXXX represents combination of soft tissue overlay and minimal atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / right	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Abdominal pain and XXXX
Chest: The heart is normal size with normal appearance of the cardia mediastinal silhouette. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes and thoracic spine. Right knee: There are severe tricompartmental degenerative changes with obliteration of the joint spaces. There is no fracture or dislocation. Left knee: There is joint space loss most prominent in the medial compartment. The XXXX of lateral view and limits evaluation for an effusion or the patellofemoral joint space. There is no fracture or dislocation.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	Chest: No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Right knee: Severe tricompartmental degenerative changes without fracture or dislocation. Left knee: Severe medial compartment degenerative changes.	XXXX-year-old female, preoperative assessment for total knee arthroplasty.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.	normal	Normal chest film.	Palpitations
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. No acute pulmonary findings. Thoracic spondylosis.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	Preop hernia repair.
Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture.	Diaphragmatic Eventration / right ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male status post XXXX on right side.
Heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Calcinosis / mediastinum	Mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain, short of breath
Heart size is normal. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest No evidence of tuberculosis	tuberculosis +PPD
Lungs are clear bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Calcified densities within the right paratracheal region and left perihilar region, may represent calcified granulomas. There is a round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. XXXX are unremarkable.	Density / right / paratracheal / multiple ; Density / lung / hilum / left / multiple ; Calcinosis / right / paratracheal / multiple ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / left / multiple ; Opacity / mediastinum / posterior / round	1. Round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. Recommend further evaluation of this nodule with chest CT with IV contrast.	Chest pain.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	Preop evaluation for surgery.
One XXXX are low. Both costophrenic XXXX are blunted. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. No visible infiltrates in the aerated lungs.	Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / large	Bilateral large pleural effusion, possibly from pleuritis or sympathetic from the known pancreatitis.	Pt has recent pancreatitis now with XXXX
There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Stable left lower lobe scarring. Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.	Cicatrix / lung / lower lobe / left ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	786.05 shortness of breath
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. spinal stimulator is in XXXX with tip overlying the T9 vertebral body.	Spine / degenerative ; Implanted Medical Device	Clear lungs.	XXXX
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous	Tortuous thoracic aorta. Clear lungs.	Chest pain, pressure
ICD leads in XXXX position to prior study with stable cardiomegaly. No XXXX pulmonary consolidation. Lungs hyperinflated. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable. No significant pleural effusion. Minimal opacity at the lateral costophrenic XXXX may be due to degree of lung inflation versus minimal pleural-parenchymal scarring or XXXX atelectasis. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment. The arm projects over chest on the lateral view.	Implanted Medical Device ; Cardiomegaly ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Opacity / costophrenic angle / mild ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	Stable post-procedural chest.	Status post cardiac ICD ComparisXXXX/11 XXXX p.m.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. Lungs otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Granulomatous Disease ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Dyspnea, history of pancreatic cancer
Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, of uncertain chronicity. There is mild basilar bronchovascular crowding, without evidence of focal airspace disease. Heart is XXXX within normal limits for low lung volumes and AP technique. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Markings / lung / base / bronchovascular / mild	Low lung volume exam. Otherwise, no acute findings. .	Acute mental status changes.
Stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. The lungs remain grossly clear, aside from mild biapical pleural-peripheral scarring and minimal chronic interstitial changes. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	Cicatrix / pleura / apex / bilateral / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, pre-syncope
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
There is stable thick biapical scarring/pleural thickening. There is XXXX patchy airspace disease in the right upper lobe along the XXXX fissure. The lungs are hyperexpanded with COPD. Increasing large left pleural effusion with increased airspace opacity in the left lung base. There has been interval increase in size of a 4.9 cm masslike opacity in the periphery of the left lung base, which is not definitely identified on the lateral XXXX. XXXX sternotomy XXXX, mediastinal clips and prosthetic heart valve appear unchanged. No pneumothorax.	Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral ; Thickening / pleura / apex / bilateral ; Airspace Disease / lung / upper lobe / right / patchy ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Pleural Effusion / left / large ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Mass / lung / base / left ; Surgical Instruments / mediastinum ; Implanted Medical Device / heart ; Pneumonia / upper lobe / right ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left	1. Right upper lobe pneumonia. 2. Increasing large left pleural effusion. Increasing left basilar opacity; atelectasis/airspace disease. 3. Increased size of masslike left lung base opacity seen only on PA view. This could represent loculated fluid, atelectasis or a lung mass. CT scan is recommended to further evaluate. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. Multilevel degenerative disc disease with mild dextrocurvature near the thoracolumbar junction.	Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / right / mild ; Spine / degenerative / multiple ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / mild	No acute process.	Chest pain
Finding data is null	Aorta, Thoracic / prominent / mild ; Calcinosis / aorta	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis. Mildly prominent ascending aorta with calcification of aortic XXXX question hypertension.	tuberculosis positive PPD
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. No large pleural effusions.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX.
There is mild cardiomegaly. The transverse XXXX is calcified. There is a moderate hiatal hernia. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Calcinosis ; Hernia, Hiatal / moderate ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	1. Mild cardiomegaly and moderate hiatal hernia.	XXXX year old preop assessment.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Lower lung volumes on the AP projection. Heart size is upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Implantable cardiac XXXX are visualized on the lateral projection in the region of the expected location of the mitral valve XXXX. XXXX sternotomy XXXX noted.	Implanted Medical Device ; Lung / hypoinflation	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain, dizziness. Recent ablation.
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Surgical clips are present in the abdomen.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen	No evidence of active disease.	Productive XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Left chest pain. Right rib pain.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality identified.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old woman with XXXX.
Finding data is null	Sulcus / bilateral / blunted / mild ; Thickening / pleura / bilateral ; Cicatrix / pleura / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right / mild	The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. Minimal blunting of the lateral sulci bilaterally XXXX reflects pleural thickening or scarring, no dependent pleural fluid posteriorly. Minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. No lobar consolidation. No pneumothorax.	XXXX, neck pain, soreness
Normal heart size. Left chest XXXX tip mid SVC. Right axillary surgical clips. Stable pleural based nodule left mid chest. No acute pulmonary findings.	Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Surgical Instruments ; Nodule / pleura / left	Stable appearance of the chest. No XXXX or acute finding on today's study.	Painful chest XXXX
The lungs remain hyperexpanded. No masses or infiltrates in the lungs. No pleural or mediastinal air collections. Heart size normal.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with no acute findings.	Chest pain.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	History of sarcoidosis, XXXX, XXXX
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No non-calcified nodules are identified.	No Indexing	1. No evidence of active disease.	Bladder cancer.
Nasogastric tube tip XXXX within the stomach body, stable. Low lung volumes. Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. Stable obscuration of lateral left diaphragm.	Tube, Inserted ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Diaphragm / left / obscured ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Cardiomegaly	Stable subsegmental bibasilar atelectasis. Cardiomegaly without heart failure.	XXXX-year-old female. Increasing oxygen requirement.
There is hyperinflation. There is some subtle scarring in the lateral right base. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Cicatrix / lung / base / right ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	COPD and probable right basilar scarring. No acute pulmonary disease identified.	XXXX for 5 days with chest tightness
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	Positive TB skin test.
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. No acute infiltrate is seen.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Aorta / tortuous ; Lung / hypoinflation / mild	No acute disease.	Previous XXXX with shortness of breath, XXXX
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old complaining of dizziness
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	positive ppd
The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are scattered bilateral XXXX opacities, most notably in the right middle lobe, XXXX XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / mild ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / scattered ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right / scattered ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right ; Spine / degenerative / diffuse ; Cardiomegaly ; Pericardial Effusion	1. Scattered XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis, most notably in the right middle lobe. 2. Mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette; cardiomegaly versus pericardial effusion.	Preoperative evaluation, pericardial effusion
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX with sputum production..
Stable borderline cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly / borderline	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, dyspnea, short of breath, difficulty breathing
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are mildly hyperlucent but clear. There is denser lumbar scoliosis.	Lung, Hyperlucent / bilateral / mild ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae	No acute disease.	XXXX, 10lb unintentional XXXX loss
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	throat pain
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prominent pericardial fat XXXX is again noted. There is a stable granuloma overlying a lower thoracic vertebral body. The XXXX are unremarkable.	Epicardial Fat / prominent ; Granuloma / thoracic vertebrae	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Consolidation is developing in the left lower lobe. A patchy infiltrate is also present in the right lower lobe. Heart size is normal.	Consolidation / lung / lower lobe / left ; Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / right / patchy ; Pneumonia / base / bilateral	Bibasilar pneumonia.	CP
There is mild cardiomegaly. The aorta is tortuous. There is XXXX opacities noted in the right lower lobe, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No displaced rib fractures. If there is high clinical concern, consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta / tortuous ; Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / right	Mild cardiomegaly, with subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe.	XXXX year old right-sided rib pain after a XXXX vehicle accident one XXXX ago.
The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance XXXX compared to the previous examinations.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX onset, XXXX with wheezing in bilateral lung XXXX.
Mild cardiomegaly unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous aorta. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Unchanged elevated right hemidiaphragm with minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. Minimal XXXX left basal airspace opacity. Unchanged blunting of the right lateral costophrenic XXXX, scarring versus XXXX effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta / tortuous ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild ; Opacity / lung / base / left / mild ; Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted ; Infiltrate / lung / base / bilateral / mild	Minimal XXXX left base atelectasis/infiltrate. Otherwise, stable exam.	Nausea and vomiting
Finding data is null	Aorta / tortuous / mild	Heart size is normal. Slightly dilated tortuous aorta, unchanged. Lungs are clear. No effusions or pneumonia	History of chest pain
Finding data is null	Infiltrate / lung / upper lobe / pulmonary alveoli / right / patchy ; Opacity / lung / left / round ; Nipple Shadow / lung / left	Patchy alveolar infiltrates in the right midlung probably within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. 7 mm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most XXXX represents patient's nipple recommend nipple XXXX films as it may represent a lung nodule as well. Patient being recalled from the XXXX room for the nipple XXXX film	History of XXXX
Finding data is null	Catheters, Indwelling / thorax / right ; Calcified Granuloma / multiple	The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The mediastinum and perihilar appear unremarkable. A XXXX lumen catheter is seen overlying the right chest and XXXX entering from subclavian approach. The tip is noted in the superior XXXX XXXX inferiorly. No pneumothorax identified. The lungs appear clear. Few calcified granulomata are noted incidentally. Osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. Previously seen left-sided PICC line has been removed.	This is a XXXX-year-old male patient with reported bleeding from the XXXX.
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. The thoracic aorta is unfolded and tortuous. No pneumothorax. There are surgical clips overlying the neck. There are scattered calcified granulomas.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Surgical Instruments / neck ; Calcified Granuloma / scattered / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	HYPERTENSION;
Stable right upper lobe calcified granuloma. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Normal heart size and pulmonary vasculature. XXXX XXXX are grossly intact. No thoracic XXXX fractures.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female with lymphadenopathy.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX, XXXX vehicle collision
Left anterior chest wall pacemaker/defibrillator. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. Spurring of thoracic spine.	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae / severe ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male. Shortness of breath. Back pain.
There are XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal surgical clips XXXX secondary to a CABG procedure. Small T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are cholecystectomy clips. There is eventration of right hemidiaphragm.	Surgical Instruments / mediastinum ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	XXXX
Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Low lung volumes without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Multilevel degenerative changes in the spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Spine / degenerative / multiple	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with abdominal pain.
Heart size near top normal limits, mild aortic ectasia size tortuosity. Mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the lingula suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Calcinosis / mediastinum ; Density / lung / lingula / round ; Nodule / lung / lingula	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old male, preop for forearm fracture
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.	normal	Normal chest radiograph	Back pain
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size at upper limits normal. Mediastinal silhouette otherwise, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Ingestion
There is moderate cardiomegaly. There are bilateral interstitial opacities, increased since the previous exam. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial	Moderate cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion early interstitial edema.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Prominent bilateral pericardial fat pads. The lungs are well aerated. There is minimal patchy and XXXX air space opacity within the lingula favored as atelectasis.	Epicardial Fat / bilateral / prominent ; Opacity / lung / lingula / patchy / mild ; Airspace Disease / lung / lingula / patchy / mild	Minimal XXXX patchy airspace disease within the lingula, may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate.	Productive XXXX
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain.
Heart size and vascularity normal. Lungs clear. No effusions or pneumothorax. Limited degenerative change of the spine	Spine / degenerative / mild	No radiographic evidence for thoracic metastases.	History of testicular cancer, evaluate for metastatic disease
Finding data is null	normal	Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease. Unchanged.	ELEVATED WBC
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. PICC line is in XXXX. The tip is in the upper right atrium.	Catheters, Indwelling / right	1. No evidence of active disease.	Bone marrow transplant evaluation. AML.
Finding data is null	normal	The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. The lungs appear clear. The osseous structures are within normal limits.	This is a XXXX-year-old female patient with shortness of breath.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. XXXX XXXX intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with XXXX, shortness of breath. History of smoking 30 years ago.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	INDICATION data is null
Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX XXXX from prior granulomatous disease. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. No focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. No acute bony abnormality.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left ; Granulomatous Disease	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, rule out pneumonia
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are hyperinflated but clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.	Lung / hyperdistention	No acute cardiopulmonary process. .	Chest pain. Shortness of breath worse at XXXX for 3 days.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	1 h/o HTN
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male, nonsmoker, productive XXXX and wheezing since Thanksgiving.
Lung volumes are decreased from XXXX, and there is resultant bronchovascular crowding. No evidence of focal airspace disease. No definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits given the low lung volumes. No free subdiaphragmatic air. Grossly stable mild degenerative changes of the right lower thoracic spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Thoracic Vertebrae / right / degenerative / mild	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
This radiograph was XXXX available for my interpretation at XXXX hours XXXX/XXXX. There are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	History of XXXX.
The cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no comparison studies. Findings are XXXX accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm, however, cardiomegaly or less XXXX, pericardial effusion is suspected. The lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Patient appears morbidly obese.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right / anterior ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	1. Suspected cardiomegaly, less XXXX pericardial effusion. Prior comparison studies would be helpful. 2. Low lung volumes. No evidence of focal airspace disease. .	Mid chest pain starting tonight.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. There is hiatal hernia.	Hernia, Hiatal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	CP
The heart is enlarged. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is a nerve stimulator device projecting over the left hemithorax. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Cardiomegaly ; Foreign Bodies / thorax / left	Cardiomegaly. No acute findings.	Preop CABG. Coronary artery disease.
Chronic-appearing XXXX opacities are unchanged and represent emphysema. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No focal airspace opacities.	Opacity / multiple / chronic ; Emphysema	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with weakness
Lungs are clear. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. Visualized osseous structures intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	History of positive TB.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	Negative chest x-XXXX.	Chest pain
The lungs are clear. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. There are sclerotic lesions within the XXXX, better visualized on the comparison XXXX scan. There are several bilateral rib fractures with evidence of the callus formation. The appearance is similar to the prior chest radiograph.	Sclerosis ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / bilateral / multiple / healed	1. Clear lungs. 2. Several bilateral healing rib fractures, XXXX pathologic fracture.	XXXX-year-old female with multiple myeloma, bone marrow transplant workup
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	INDICATION data is null
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	SOB
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Calcified right lower lobe granuloma. No focal airspace consolidation.. No visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX loss, chest pain
Previous sulcal is normal in size and contour. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Interval resolution of previously described right midlung opacity suggesting resolved inflammatory/infectious process. Lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. XXXX and soft tissue are unremarkable.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Emphysema	1. Emphysematous changes. 2. Resolution of prior right midlung infiltrate.	XXXX-year-old male, right lung infiltrate.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. There has been interval development of some XXXX bandlike opacities in left base. These appear to be located in the lingula. The remainder of the lungs appear clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.	Opacity / lung / lingula ; Cicatrix / lung / lingula ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula	1. XXXX opacities in the lingula. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. XXXX since the earlier study.	Left anterior and posterior chest pain. Dyspnea.
There is a XXXX in the left chest with catheter tip terminating in the superior XXXX XXXX. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, similar to prior study. There is minimal pulmonary vascular congestion. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are stable mild interstitial lung changes, which could be related to chronic edema or fibrosis.	Catheters, Indwelling / thorax / left ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / mild ; Pulmonary Congestion / mild ; Lung Diseases, Interstitial / mild ; Cardiomegaly	Stable cardiomegaly. No acute infiltrate or effusion.	Seizure
There is interval removal of gastric suction tube. Otherwise lines and tubes are unchanged. XXXX tube has also been removed. There is no pneumothorax. There is interval decrease/improvement of pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema with residual nodular opacity at the right lower lobe. No XXXX focal consolidation identified. Heart and mediastinum are normal. No large effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / right ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial ; Surgical Instruments	Interval decrease of pulmonary vascular congestion and edema.	INDICATION data is null
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The there is a diffuse reticulonodular pattern the lungs bilaterally. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Negative for pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable	Markings / lung / bilateral / diffuse / reticular / round	Diffuse reticulonodular pattern bilaterally. The this may represent heart failure, opportunistic infection, or idiopathic interstitial pneumonitis. XXXX of chest for further characterization.	XXXX-year-old female with edema and dyspnea.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild spine curvature again noted.	Scoliosis / mild	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, pain
There is distortion of the right hilum which may be postsurgical versus neoplastic. Volume loss of the right hand side. There is no evidence of focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal heart size.	Deformity / lung / hilum / right ; Volume Loss / thorax / right	Question prior right upper lobe resection, no acute abnormality.	History of lung cancer with metastasis to brain. Preoperative evaluation for cyst drainage.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is Within normal limits the lungs are hypoinflated. There is mild increase in perihilar markings XXXX related to patient's history bronchitis. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / lung / hilum	Low lung volumes with increased lung markings particularly in the left perihilar region XXXX related to history of bronchitis. No acute infiltrate.	XXXX x3 weeks and history of bronchitis
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No evidence of active disease	Positive PPD
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	INDICATION data is null
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Masslike opacification of right apex. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. XXXX are grossly normal.	Opacity / lung / apex / right ; Mass / lung / apex / right	Worsening masslike opacification of right apex, suggesting worsening malignancy or malignancy with postobstructive pneumonia.	XXXX-year-old male. XXXX.
Finding data is null	Markings / lung / interstitial	Suggestion of slightly more prominent interstitial markings, which may represent some bronchitic/bronchiolitis changes. No suspicious nodules, pneumonia, effusions, or CHF. Stable mediastinal contour.	XXXX DYSPNEA
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No lobar pneumonia	XXXX, Rule out pneumonia
Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis ; Infiltrate / lung	Low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis over infiltrate.	Right-sided chest pain, muscle spasms
Finding data is null	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Pulmonary Artery / hilum / prominent ; Hypertension, Pulmonary ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right	The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Mediastinum and perihilar structures remarkable for vascular calcifications involving the aortic XXXX. This is consistent with atherosclerotic disease. In addition, marked prominence is noted to the pulmonary arteries in the perihilar location. Although the heart is not enlarged, this is concerning for concern for pulmonary arterial hypertension. There is calcified granuloma noted in the right lower lobe. Some interstitial prominence is noted at the left costophrenic XXXX greater than right. A subtle infiltrate cannot be excluded. The osseous structures are remarkable for degenerative changes.	This is a XXXX-year-old female patient with XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic atherosclerosis. Hyperexpanded lungs. XXXX right perihilar/midlung density. Streaky bibasilar opacities, as well. Left upper lobe nodular opacity (anterior first rib interspace) may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. Grossly similar midthoracic vertebral XXXX fracture.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Density / lung / middle lobe / right ; Density / lung / hilum / right ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left / round ; Fractures, Bone / thoracic vertebrae	1. No focal air space consolidation. 2. Nodular opacity at the left apex may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. XXXX chest may provide further evaluation, if warranted.	XXXX-year-old female. Preoperative chest x-XXXX. Left wrist fracture.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No pleural effusion. There are XXXX spine marginal osteophytes.	Osteophyte / spine / multiple	Stable chest. No acute disease process identified.	Left chest, shoulder and midback pain.
Frontal view kyphotic and rotated, low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise, no definite airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Accounting for technical factors heart size XXXX borderline enlarged.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Cardiomegaly / borderline	Low lung volumes, otherwise, no definite acute findings.	XXXX-year-old male, dyspnea
There is hyperinflation of the lungs appear to be clear. There is no pleural effusion or The heart is normal. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. The skeletal structures are normal.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	COPD. No acute pulmonary disease.	COPD with productive XXXX
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left ; Granulomatous Disease	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Evidence of previous granulomatous infection.	XXXX-year-old with initiation of XXXX medication. Ordered for a XXXX up prior to beginning the medicine.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with kidney transplant evaluation.
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is a cardiac XXXX. There are sternotomy XXXX and bypass markers. There is a hiatal hernia. The aorta is tortuous.	Surgical Instruments ; Hernia, Hiatal ; Aorta / tortuous ; Implanted Medical Device	No pneumonia. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX and XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old woman with dyspnea
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Pulmonary Congestion	There is cardiomegaly. Lateral view somewhat limited however small bilateral pleural effusions suspected. There is central vascular congestion.	Evaluate for effusion .
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Edema / lower lobe / bilateral ; Pulmonary Edema / middle lobe / bilateral ; Catheters, Indwelling / thorax / right / anterior	Cardiomegaly with midlung and lower lobe edema. Shunt catheter overlies the right anterior chest.	History of XXXX
Well circumscribed 11 mm right upper lobe nodule, unchanged appearance from previous examination 7 years ago. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. Redemonstrated syndesmophyte.	Nodule / lung / upper lobe / right ; Osteophyte / spine	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	The patient is a XXXX year-old old male with chest pain.
The lungs are clear. There appear to be small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is not grossly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Increased kyphosis is seen in the may be a thoracic XXXX deformity that is not well-characterized. Arthritic changes are seen.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Kyphosis ; Arthritis ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small	1. Probable small bilateral pleural effusions. 2. Possible lower thoracic XXXX deformity not well characterized on today's study.	XXXX XXXX intake increasing weakness.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is Stable. Rectal balloon is noted. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. There is again eventration of the hemidiaphragms/ Bochdalek hernia, posteriorly as seen on the lateral projection. Bilateral pleural thickening is noted. There are streaky opacities in the lung bases unchanged, XXXX chronic atelectasis.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild ; Diaphragmatic Eventration ; Thickening / pleura / bilateral ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / chronic	Mild bilateral streaky opacities, XXXX atelectasis. No acute infiltrate.	XXXX, asthma, preop hip replacement
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limbus vertebra noted within the partial visualized lumbar vertebral body.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	INDICATION data is null
The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits.	normal	Clear lungs.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with dyspnea
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	normal	No focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax..	Chest pain.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX loss
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	INDICATION data is null
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. VP shunt tubing is identified. The bony structures, as visualized, appear unremarkable.	Catheters, Indwelling	No evidence of active disease.	Slipped , XXXX back on right side
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	dizzyness and migranes, pt states she always has a XXXX. nonsmoker, no heart or lung conditions.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues have a normal appearance.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	Productive XXXX.
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / bilateral / multiple ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left	Comparison XXXX, XXXX Bilateral calcified granulomas and some left basilar XXXX scarring as before. Clear lungs. No effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. Stable chest.	left side numbness
2 images. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. There are finding status post sternotomy and CABG. XXXX atelectasis or scar is noted within the left midlung. There is blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX. No pneumothorax.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Cicatrix / lung / lingula ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula / mild ; Costophrenic Angle / left / blunted ; Cardiomegaly ; Surgical Instruments	1. Cardiomegaly. 2. Minimal left midlung atelectasis. 3. Blunting of left costophrenic XXXX. This could indicate a small amount of pleural fluid versus pleural-parenchymal scarring.	Tachycardia. History of bypass surgery.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is mild midthoracic dextroscoliosis, with the XXXX XXXX otherwise grossly intact.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain, tachycardia
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	786.50 anterior left sided chest pain
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with rectal bleeding for 2 XXXX. XXXX for 5 months. Nonsmoker.
Heart size is mildly enlarged but stable.. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	Cardiomegaly / mild	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Hypertension
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX rule out pneumonia
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	XXXX onset XXXX.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Left-sided PICC line has been placed in the interval with tip XXXX in the innominate vein.	Catheters, Indwelling / left	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. 2. Interval placement of left-sided PICC line with tip XXXX in the innominate vein.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain..
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Note is XXXX of an XXXX closure device which appears grossly appropriate The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	Implanted Medical Device	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Post XXXX closure device placement
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.	normal	No acute abnormality. .	Preoperative chest x-XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. XXXX onset chest pain.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Specifically, no radiographically apparent etiology for hemoptysis.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with hemoptysis.
There is a moderate sized right pleural effusion. Severe slightly smaller than is compared to XXXX. There is a small left pleural effusion. This is unchanged as compared to the prior study. There is a right chest wall venous XXXX XXXX which appears accessed. No pneumothorax. Scaphoid abdomen.	Pleural Effusion / right / moderate ; Pleural Effusion / left / small ; Deformity / abdomen	1. Moderate sized right pleural effusion appears smaller than the prior study. 2. Small left pleural effusion appears unchanged.	Short of breath.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. There is a small right pleural effusion. There is infrahilar interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung. Small left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.	Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Lung / hilum / interstitial / prominent ; Infiltrate / lung / hilum / right ; Markings / bronchovascular	Small bilateral pleural effusions and right infrahilar infiltrate versus bronchovascular crowding.	Ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome, rest for abnormality
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable XXXX.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process. .	Left arm tingling.
Finding data is null	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Markings / bronchovascular	Exam quality limited by hypoventilation and apical lordotic frontal projection. Considering technical factors heart size XXXX at XXXX mildly enlarged. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female, dyspnea
Finding data is null	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous	Tortuous thoracic aorta. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Generalized weakness and disoriented, XXXX of coordination. Concerned she may have XXXX a XXXX. No hx of XXXX. More difficulty ambulating...SM
Heart size within normal limits. Right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Diaphragmatic Eventration / right	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old male, pain
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX.
Finding data is null	Lung / hypoinflation ; Cardiomegaly ; Infiltrate / lung / base / left / mild ; Infiltrate / lung / hilum / mild	Low lung volumes. Cardiomegaly. Minimal left base and perihilar minimal infiltrate.	rales
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	test ca; r/o XXXX XXXX
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain.
Finding data is null	Mastectomy / left	Status post left mastectomy. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear.	History of chest pain
The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is an 8mm nodule in the left lower lobe, XXXX calcified granuloma. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Bony structures of the thorax are intact with minimal early degenerative change.	Nodule / lung / base / left ; Bone and Bones / thorax / degenerative / mild	1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. 8mm nodule in the left lung base, XXXX calcified granuloma.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
The heart is within normal limits in size. Surgical suture material projects over the right lung apex. The lungs are hyperlucent and hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. There is left lower lobe airspace disease identified. There is moderate left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion. No visualized pneumothorax.	Sutures / lung / apex / right ; Lung, Hyperlucent ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Emphysema ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / left ; Pleural Effusion / left / moderate ; Pleural Effusion / right / small	1. Left lower lobe airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. This may be secondary to inhalational injury. Recommend followup to ensure complete resolution.	XXXX year old smoking on oxygen and nasal cannula caught XXXX. XXXX to the cheek and inside of nose.
XXXX sternotomy XXXX and numerous mediastinal clips appear stable in position. There is aortic atherosclerotic calcification. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Stable widening of the upper mediastinum. Stable cardiomegaly. Prominent mitral annular calcification demonstrated on the lateral view. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. XXXX XXXX appear intact.	Surgical Instruments / mediastinum ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Cardiomegaly ; Calcinosis / mitral valve / prominent ; Mediastinum / prominent	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Stable cardiomegaly, tortuous thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcification. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female with chest pain and XXXX onset right hand numbness and inability to XXXX. History of heart bypass surgery many years ago.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. Minimal bibasilar airspace disease. No pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Minimal bibasilar airspace disease.	Chest pain.
Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	normal	No acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain
The XXXX examination consists of frontal supine and lateral radiographs of the chest. Frontal view is lordotic in projection. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for supine film. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left	No evidence of acute thoracic XXXX. XXXX chest radiograph is recommended if XXXX is not XXXX.	Pain status post XXXX from XXXX.
The heart is is at the upper limits of normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX year old male with chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size and contour. There is a XXXX-A-XXXX terminating at the caval atrial junction, without evidence of pneumothorax. There is no focal airspace disease. There are small calcified nodules in the superior segment of the right lower lobe, XXXX old granulomatous infection. There are no acute bony findings.	Calcinosis / lung / lower lobe / right / multiple / small ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / right / multiple / small ; Granulomatous Disease	No acute findings. .	XXXX, acute mental status changes.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	Congestion for one XXXX worsening last 2 days. Nonproductive XXXX.
Similar mild cardiomegaly. Of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent. No focal consolidations or effusions. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Heart Failure / mild	Mild cardiomegaly with XXXX of early failure.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain, positive troponin
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with a headache.
Heart size normal. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Finding data is null	Stents / coronary vessels ; Thickening / pleura / apex / bilateral / mild	Heart size is within normal limits. Coronary artery stent noted. No edema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild nonspecific biapical pleural thickening. Clips from prior cholecystectomy are noted.	Kidney transplant evaluation
Increased interstitial opacities non-specific. Question edema or atypical infection?	Opacity / lung / interstitial / reticular / mild	Heart size normal. Stable mediastinal silhouette. No lobar consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild increased reticular interstitial opacity.	XXXX, dyspnea.
Finding data is null	normal	No active disease.	ppd reactive
Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. Right lung base airspace disease on frontal XXXX. XXXX opacities in the left lung base consistent with atelectasis. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild wedge XXXX deformity of T12.	Airspace Disease / lung / base / right ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / mild	Right lung base airspace disease and left base atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old male status post XXXX.
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Stable left mid lung granuloma.	Granuloma / lung / lingula	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, nausea, vomiting.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male, metastatic workup.
Finding data is null	Catheters, Indwelling ; Pleural Effusion / left / large	Right lung clear. Catheter tip in upper SVC. Heart size appears normal. Patient is a large left effusion extending up to the level of the aortic XXXX. The ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the exam and she is trying to arrange admission to XXXX for dyspnea evaluation.	History of lung cancer XXXX shortness of breath and decreased breath sounds
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.	Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis	No acute pulmonary disease.	Possible syncopal episode
Normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. No focal lung consolidation. Stable mild interstitial prominence and bilateral lung bases.	Lung / interstitial / prominent / mild ; Lung / base / bilateral / prominent / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable mild interstitial prominence.	Chest pain
Chest. No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size is normal. No focal thoracic bony findings. Hand. There is also cortical and trabecular irregularity through the XXXX of the scaphoid. There is a small cortical lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal that may be a vascular XXXX.	normal	Hand 1. Minimally displaced fracture through the XXXX of the scaphoid. 2. Lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal. This may represent a vascular XXXX or if XXXX tenderness exists over this location then fracture is more XXXX. Chest 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX-year-old with hand and chest pain.
There is a healing fracture involving the left posterolateral 7th rib. There is XXXX deformity of the 8th vertebral body. These bony lesions may be secondary to the patient's known multiple myeloma. The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / healed ; Deformity / spine	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Multiple myeloma, preprocedure evaluation prior to bone marrow transplant
Finding data is null	Markings / lung / bilateral / prominent / chronic	PA and lateral views were obtained. Again, a chronic increased pulmonary markings are seen without change. No acute airspace process. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.	Weakness
Heart size and vascularity normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. Mediastinal contour normal. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.	Lung / hyperdistention	Hyperexpanded lungs, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. No acute pulmonary process.	XXXX, XXXX XXXX
Central venous catheter tip in the right atrium. Heart size and shape are normal. Trachea and XXXX bronchi appear normal. The lungs are reasonably well expanded. There XXXX and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung XXXX more marked on the right than the left. There is scattered areas of bronchial wall thickening, well-seen in the left upper lobe. There is loss of definition of part of the left heart XXXX. No effusions no pneumothorax.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Density / lung / lower lobe / bilateral / patchy ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / bilateral / patchy ; Thickening / lung / upper lobe / bronchi / left / scattered ; Cystic Fibrosis ; Heart / left / obscured	Findings consistent with widespread changes from cystic fibrosis. It is difficult to differentiate acute from chronic change.	Cystic fibrosis. Decreased pulmonary function XXXX.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.	normal	Unremarkable radiographs of the chest.	Chest pain and shortness of breath.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Mild hyperinflation appears similar to prior. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Markings / lung / interstitial / scattered / irregular / chronic	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old chest pain.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There is no focal airspace consolidation or suspicious pulmonary opacity. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Evaluate for infection
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain and shortness of breath.
The lungs focal airspace consolidation. There is atelectasis of the left lung base. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Cervical vertebral XXXX is partially visible at the top of the radiographs.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left	1. Left basilar atelectasis. 2. No focal airspace consolidation.	XXXX-year-old woman with XXXX.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. Distal clavicle shortening also present on the previous exam, possibly posttraumatic or postsurgical.	Aorta / tortuous ; Markings / bronchovascular / mild ; Deformity / clavicle	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, CVA symptoms
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX and XXXX infection, XXXX
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left	Heart normal. Lungs clear. Calcified left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma	XXXX rule out pneumonia
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX XXXX opacity in left midlung. The lungs are clear.	Opacity / lung / lingula	No acute disease.	Chest pain
The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior exam. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mediastinal surgical clips are again noted.	Surgical Instruments / mediastinum	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain and dyspnea.
Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony changes.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Dyspnea.
Sternotomy XXXX mediastinal clips noted. Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is XXXX deformity of T6, XXXX since X-XXXX thoracic spine XXXX, XXXX. Mild XXXX deformity of T12, stable. Prior cholecystectomy.	Surgical Instruments / mediastinum ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae	1. No definite evidence of metastatic disease. 2. Age-indeterminate XXXX deformity of T6, XXXX since study dated XXXX, XXXX. .	XXXX-year-old XXXX with history of prostate cancer
Finding data is null	Lucency / thorax / left ; Pneumothorax / left / large ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / left / severe	No comparison chest x-XXXX XXXX lungs. Lucency left chest compatible with relatively large pneumothorax and collapse of substantial portion of left lung. No substantial mediastinal shift seen. Right lung grossly clear.	XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Right chest wall surgical clips, compatible with prior lumpectomy. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Surgical Instruments / thorax / right	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Chest pain. Prior lumpectomy.
There are stable postoperative changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy. The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour.	Pneumonectomy / lung / upper lobe / left ; Diaphragm / left / elevated	Postoperative changes of left upper lobectomy. No acute findings.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with history of lung cancer, status post surgery. Carcinoid tumor.
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX, XXXX and shortness of breath for 3 days
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Calcified granuloma within the right lung base.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right	Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	786.2,V70.0 XXXX.
Finding data is null	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / degenerative / mild	The heart size is normal. The mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without interval consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative endplate spurring in the mid thoracic spine.	XXXX and irregular heart XXXX
Finding data is null	Infiltrate / lung / base / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Catheters, Indwelling / left	Persistent but decreasing basilar infiltrates atelectasis. Possible small effusions. Sternotomy. Heart size normal. Left IJ catheter tip mid SVC	Hypoxia. History: XXXX portable XXXX tubes and lines
Finding data is null	Aorta / tortuous / mild	Heart size normal. Slight tortuous aorta. The lungs are clear. No effusions or edema	History of hypertension.
There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old with ALL for a bone marrow transplant workup.
XXXX XXXX and lateral views of the chest were obtained XXXX/XXXX. The lung volumes are low normal. The lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. The mediastinum and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The bony elements are not remarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. END OF REPORT.	XXXX-year-old female with morbid obesity.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild	Mild lung hyperexpansion, otherwise clear.	XXXX-year-old female. Dyspnea.
The cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. Otherwise, there is no focal opacity. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.	Cardiac Shadow / borderline	Borderline enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without acute pulmonary disease.	Chest pain.
Prominent interstitial markings. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax.	Markings / lung / interstitial / prominent ; Bronchiolitis	Prominent interstitial markings, XXXX represent XXXX bronchiolitis. No focal areas of consolidation. .	XXXX year old female, chest pain.
There is a XXXX 7 XXXX nodular density at the left lung base. Lungs are otherwise clear. The CT scan without IV contrast could be performed for further evaluation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Density / lung / base / left / round ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Density / costophrenic angle / left / round	XXXX 7 XXXX nodular density at the left costophrenic XXXX. Recommend CT scan for further evaluation.	Prostate cancer
Tortuosity of the aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact. Unchanged eventration of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia (Bochdalek).	Aorta / tortuous ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / left ; Hernia, Diaphragmatic / small	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female with XXXX, productive.
No focal consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Exaggerated kyphosis with increased AP dimension of the thorax, curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen XXXX skin fold artifact. Mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity, no typical mediastinal widening to suggest vascular injury. Contour irregularity of the lateral right 9th rib of indeterminate age.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / right ; Kyphosis / severe ; Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Deformity / ribs / right	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Age-indeterminate fracture of the right lateral 9th rib. If findings localize to this region, suspect acute fracture.	XXXX-year-old male, alleged physical assault, pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute displaced rib fractures.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old XXXX, rib tenderness..
Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Central left midlung granuloma with calcified left hilar adenopathy. Bony structures appear intact.	Granuloma / lung / lingula ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Shortness of breath, headache, chills. Chest pain.
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size is normal. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.	normal	1. No acute bony findings.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX.
The heart is normal in size. Left-sided pacemaker XXXX and associated XXXX are unchanged in position. There is also an unchanged incompletely visualized XXXX arising below the left hemidiaphragm. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is XXXX streaky opacification in the right midlung. There is mild levocurvature involving the thoracolumbar spine.	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right / streaky ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / left / mild ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / left / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right ; Infiltrate / lung / middle lobe / right	1. XXXX right midlung opacification XXXX representing atelectasis or infiltrate. 2. Mild thoracolumbar spine levocurvature. .	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX XXXX.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX and wheezing
There is a pacemaker left chest wall with stable intact XXXX placement. Heart size is enlarged. Calcifications are seen within the aortic XXXX. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There is a left basilar and retrocardiac opacity. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Cardiomegaly ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Opacity / retrocardiac ; Infiltrate / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left	1. Stable cardiomegaly with left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old female shortness of breath.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain.
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right ; Opacity / lung / lingula ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula ; Cicatrix / lung / middle lobe / right ; Cicatrix / lung / lingula	Some XXXX opacities compatible with subsegmental atelectasis/scarring noted projecting over region of right middle lobe/lingula on lateral view. Overall, well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	CLL. SOB
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute preoperative findings.	Preop anesthesia XXXX
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Fibrosis / upper lobe / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / upper lobe / left ; Thickening / pleura / apex / left	Further fibrosis and collapse of the left upper lobe with left apical pleural thickening. No evidence of recurrence. Heart size normal. No effusion.	lung cancer followup
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Small pleural effusion is identified.	Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small	Small bilateral pleural effusions.	INDICATION data is null
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain..
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	chest pain
Finding data is null	Cicatrix / lung / apex / right ; Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right	Right apical scarring as before. Right midlung granuloma. No suspicious appearing nodules identified. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	testis cancer
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain. Vomiting and diarrhea. The patient was shielded.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. XXXX degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Costochondral chest pain
Heart size mildly to moderately enlarged, distal tip dual-lumen catheter near the caval atrial junction. Mild vascular cephalization, no definite interstitial changes of pulmonary edema, no focal alveolar consolidation. No pleural effusion XXXX demonstrated.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Catheters, Indwelling	1. Mild to moderate cardiomegaly. 2. Vascular redistribution without definite findings of pulmonary edema	XXXX-year-old female, short of breath, SVT
Finding data is null	Costophrenic Angle / left / blunted / mild ; Pleural Effusion / base / left ; Opacity / lung / hilum / left ; Volume Loss / thorax / left ; Shift / mediastinum / left ; Shift / heart / left	Mild left costophrenic XXXX blunting XXXX XXXX basilar pleural effusion, increased left suprahilar opacity, differential diagnosis includes increased volume loss, apical pleural fluid, tumor progression. Left hemithorax volume loss with leftward shift of the heart and mediastinum. XXXX right costophrenic XXXX, right lung free of focal consolidation.	XXXX-year-old male, syncopal episode. Additional information obtained from electronic medical record. History of lung cancer.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Old right-sided rib deformities are noted.	Deformity / ribs / right / multiple / healed	No acute disease.	Homeless male, positive PPD
Sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal clips are unchanged. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are unchanged. No XXXX consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.	Surgical Instruments / mediastinum	No interval change.	INDICATION data is null
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes with XXXX XXXX atelectasis. The cardiac silhouette is unchanged. There is mild to moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Thoracic spondylosis is again seen.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / moderate ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	Low lung volumes with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Overall no significant interval change.	Dyspnea, XXXX and chills.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The cardiac pacing leads XXXX over the right atrium and right ventricle. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	Implanted Medical Device	Cardiac pacing leads in stable position, without evidence of acute complication. .	Post pacemaker placement.
There are stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX. The heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	No Indexing	1. Stable appearance of the chest. No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX year old with a XXXX.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with shortness of breath
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / lymph nodes / right / paratracheal	3 cm calcified right paratracheal lymph node. This most XXXX due to old histoplasmosis. Heart size is normal. Lungs clear	chest pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with history of testicular cancer, now with nightsweats and fatigue..
Consolidation, atelectasis, and costophrenic XXXX blunting in the left lower lobe have cleared in the interval. A persistent patchy infiltrate is present in the right middle lobe. No XXXX infiltrates. Heart is slightly large. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. Aorta remains tortuous.	Infiltrate / lung / middle lobe / right / patchy ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta / tortuous ; Airspace Disease / lung / middle lobe / right	Cleared left lower lobe airspace disease with persistent right middle lobe airspace disease.	chf vs bronchitis
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Spine / degenerative	Clear lungs.	ASTHMA
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There are no focal air space opacities. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the chest.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	786.50 hypertension.
Chest: 2 images. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal contours are maintained. There is a mild pectus excavatum deformity. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. There is no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No convincing acute bony findings. Right shoulder: 3 images. There has been XXXX and screw fixation of the midshaft right clavicle. The lateral most screw is fractured. This is age-indeterminate as no prior studies are available for comparison. Otherwise, the surgical XXXX appears intact. The humeral head is seen within the glenoid, without evidence for dislocation. No bony fractures are seen. The visualized right ribs appear intact. Right clavicle: 2 images. No clavicle fracture is seen. Once again noted is the surgical fixation XXXX, with fracture of the lateral most fixation screw.	Funnel Chest / mild	Chest: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2. Pectus excavatum. Right shoulder and right clavicle: 1. No acute bony abnormality identified. 2. The lateral most screw of the clavicular fixation XXXX is fractured. This is age-indeterminate as no prior studies are available for comparison. Clinical correlation is XXXX.	MVA XXXX, XXXX. XXXX. Back pain. Right clavicle numbness, with tingling and pain with palpation.
Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Emphysema.	Density / thorax / round / multiple ; Granulomatous Disease / chronic ; Emphysema	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. No pulmonary nodules identified.	XXXX-year-old male status post left chest nodule
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Stable right lower lobe calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Spurring of the thoracic spine.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Chest pain.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascular is unremarkable lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax, pneumomediastinum, or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX to be grossly intact. Prominent rib cartilage of the anterior lower ribs seen on lateral view.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Assault, XXXX with tire iron on right lateral chest
No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Osseous structures are grossly intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old complaining of left-sided chest pain for one month.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Medical XXXX, shortness of breath.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. No effusions or fibrosis	persistent XXXX. Cigarette use
Heart is within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild streaky opacity lateral right lung, atelectasis versus scarring.	Opacity / lung / right / streaky / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / right	Small streaky opacity lateral right lung, subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring.	XXXX-year-old XXXX, dyspnea, tachycardic.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild hyperinflation is noted. There are granulomatous sequela. No acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. The costophrenic XXXX are excluded.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Granulomatous Disease	No acute disease.	Chest pain
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Shortness of breath, XXXX
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear. Significant degenerative changes of the XXXX are again noted bilaterally.	Lung / hypoinflation	No acute disease.	XXXX
The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The there are XXXX opacities in the left lower lobe of the lung, which are most XXXX dependent atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / focal	Left base focal atelectasis, no infiltrates that would suggest active tuberculosis.	patient XXXX to XXXX XXXX--XXXX to rle out pneumonia/communicable dz.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute preoperative findings.	Preoperative exam for bariatric surgery.
Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is slight wedge XXXX deformity of the mid to lower thoracic vertebral body unchanged from the comparison study.	Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old was slurred speech and confusion. Could bulging 2 years ago.
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.	No Indexing	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	XXXX H/O SMOKING XXXX FOR CAUSES. PAIN IN NECK AND XXXX.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Assault.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	chest pain
No gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. No pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX XXXX is intact.	normal	1. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings.	INDICATION data is null
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Surgical clips and suture material are noted in the right hilar region suggesting prior lung surgery. The mediastinal contours are stable.	Surgical Instruments / lung / hilum / right ; Sutures / lung / hilum / right	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease 2. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No evidence of disease recurrence.	Lung Cancer
Finding data is null	Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Opacity / lung / lingula ; Pulmonary Atelectasis ; Cicatrix / lung	Heart size is upper normal. Tortuous and calcified aorta. No edema. Bandlike left base and lingular opacities XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No lobar consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	XXXX XXXX and chills for one XXXX. Chest pressure.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. No focal air space disease. Prominent hilar XXXX. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	Lung / hilum / prominent	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX. Chest pain.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There multilevel degenerative changes of thoracic spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple ; Emphysema	Emphysema, however no acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old female with breast mass and smoking history.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.	Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Left upper extremity PIC catheter tip overlies the distal aspect of the left clavicle XXXX within the subclavian vein. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated but clear. Deformity of the lateral left 6th rib, XXXX old injury.	Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Deformity / ribs / left	No acute disease. Left upper extremity PIC catheter tip XXXX within left subclavian vein. Findings communicated XXXX primordial.	PICC LINE POSITION;
The heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a bacterial pneumonia.	Opacity / lung / hilum / streaky / mild	Minimal perihilar opacity which could indicate an atypical pneumonia.	XXXX-year-old with pneumonia. Shortness of breath and XXXX.
Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Spine / degenerative / diffuse	1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of obstructive lung disease.	XXXX-year-old female with history of asthma, preoperative evaluation for back surgery
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. Right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. Surgical clips are noted in the region of the left breast. There is mild diaphragm eventration.	Density / right / paratracheal ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Spine / degenerative / mild ; Surgical Instruments / breast / left ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / mild	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX-year-old female with anterior midline chest pain.
Cardiomegaly. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.	Cardiomegaly ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild	Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain and dyspnea
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Right suprahilar calcified lymph XXXX. Right lung base calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right ; Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Granulomatous Disease	Prior granulomatous disease. Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Chest pain.
Rotated with low lung volumes. Question left atrial enlargement, XXXX appreciated on lateral view. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Lung / hypoinflation	Question left atrial enlargement, XXXX appreciated on lateral view. Clear lungs.	Shortness of breath
Heart size within normal limits. Tortuous aorta. There is an accessory azygos fissure in the right upper lung. No focal air space consolidations are noted. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is severe degenerative change at the thoracolumbar junction with mild anterior wedging at approximately T12.	Aorta / tortuous ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / severe ; Lumbar Vertebrae / degenerative / severe ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / anterior / mild ; Lung / azygos lobe	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	Chest pain
Lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased AP chest diameter, compatible with emphysema. There is no evidence of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or identified mass lesion. There is normal cardiomediastinal contours.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Pulmonary Emphysema	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, findings compatible with emphysema.	XXXX XXXX with COPD/emphysema and dyspnea on exertion.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	XXXX
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / severe ; Nodule / thorax / left ; Granuloma / thorax / left ; Lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left / enlarged	Marked increase in heart size. Cardiomegaly. Question pericardial effusion. Stable 1.5 cm nodule left mid chest, XXXX a granuloma. Lungs are clear. No effusion. Stable left hilar lymphadenopathy.	preop kidney transplant. No chest complaints
Finding data is null	Thickening / bronchovascular ; Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Lung / hilum / enlarged	There is XXXX peribronchial cuffing noted on the lateral view with fullness in the perihilar regions, more conspicuous than on the prior study. These can be manifestations of reactive airways disease. There is no lobar pneumonia. Lungs are mildly hyperinflated.	Chest pain
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX
Finding data is null	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae / mild ; Kyphosis / lumbar vertebrae / mild	Chest: Three total images. The heart size is within normal limits. Mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. No abnormal mediastinal widening is appreciated. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is an S-shaped curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear XXXX deformity identified. Left shoulder: There is a mildly comminuted fracture at the junction of the middle and lateral thirds of the left clavicle, the distal most fragment is displaced superiorly approximately 25% bone width. Glenohumeral alignment appears preserved without dislocation and no additional acute fractures are seen. There is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator XXXX pathology; dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head XXXX reflecting calcific tendinitis.	Syncope, XXXX from ladder
Finding data is null	normal	No active disease.	sob
The cardiac contours are normal. Mild atherosclerosis. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Atherosclerosis / mild ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute preoperative findings.	Preop knee surgery
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly	Cardiomegaly. No effusions or edema. Clear chest	History of dyspnea on exertion
Finding data is null	Lung / hypoinflation	1. Low lung volumes 2. Lungs appear clear 3. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal 4. Pleural spaces are clear	,786.2 XXXX cxr
Heart size is normal. The lungs and costophrenic XXXX are clear. The bony thorax is grossly intact.	normal	Normal chest.	Kidney XXXX.
2 images. Vague density within the lower lung XXXX is secondary to soft tissue overlap. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	Density / lung / lower lobe	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Left-sided posterior chest/scapula pain. XXXX.
Heart size is normal. No focal consolidations. There is a 6 mm calcified granuloma at the medial right lung base. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with weakness.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	Dyspnea.
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated.	normal	No acute XXXX related findings. Please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging if clinically indicated.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX, pain
No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Stable mediastinal contour. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. Visualized osseous structures unremarkable.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. Patient status post XXXX sternotomy and CABG.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	KIDNEY TRANSPLANT XXXX
No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant. Anterior cervical fusion XXXX. Tortuous and ectatic aorta. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	Thoracic Vertebrae / scattered / degenerative ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right ; Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae / anterior ; Aorta / tortuous	No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old woman with hemoptysis
Mild cardiomegaly. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Costophrenic XXXX are XXXX. There is increased kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine. Within the heart XXXX, there is a small area of oval-shaped density measuring 2.2 x 1.6 cm without correction for magnification. There is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum. No pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Density / heart / small ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right ; Nodule / lung / lingula	Lingular nodule measuring 2.2 x 1.6 cm. Recommend XXXX to further evaluate. The above findings and recommendations were discussed with XXXX XXXX at XXXX p.m. XXXX, XXXX XXXX telephone.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
There is hyperexpansion of lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with COPD. No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is a kyphosis and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. No displaced rib fractures.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic / thoracic vertebrae	No focal lung consolidation. COPD. No displaced fractures.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX, evaluate for rib fracture.
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Heart size borderline enlarged, mediastinal contours appear similar to the XXXX from XXXX, XXXX XXXX noted. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, pain, difficulty breathing
Finding data is null	normal	Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of active tuberculosis. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease.	CHEST XRAY positvie TB. language XXXX unable to get more hx
3 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Sensation of food XXXX in throat. Choking sensation.
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain.
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / lung / base / left / multiple / small ; Granulomatous Disease	Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. A few small calcifications in the left lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. Otherwise lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease.	PRE OP EVALUATION no known XXXX. pre-op XXXX. XXXX X 40 yrs. no chest complaints today.
Chest. Lungs are clear and expanded. Heart normal. Left knee. No change marked narrowing, large osteophyte formation, multiple synovial osteochondromas.	normal	1. Chest. No active disease. 2. Left knee. Advanced degenerative joint disease.	PRE-OP XXXX
Finding data is null	Pneumonia / lower lobe / right / anterior	Anterior segment right lower lobe pneumonia. No effusion. Heart size is normal. Lungs otherwise clear.	sepsis.
There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX-year-old female involved in XXXX vehicle collision.
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / right	Heart size normal. Right hilar calcifications are suggestive of prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	XXXX and dyspnea for 3 weeks
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Chest pain
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Calcified left hilar node.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left	Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	786.2 XXXX
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX-year-old female with history of tobacco use
Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures grossly intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. There is no focal consolidation. Thoracic spondylosis.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Lung / blood vessels / blunted ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Emphysema	Emphysema without superimposed pneumonia.	Shortness of breath
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Lung / hypoinflation	Status post mediastinal surgery. Cardiomegaly. Atherosclerotic disease of the thoracic aorta. Lung volumes are reduced. Suspicion for at XXXX XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. No acute airspace disease. No pulmonary edema.	,799.02; hypoxia ap XXXX in wheelchair
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Multiple small calcified bilateral hilar nodules XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Radiopaque contrast from recent esophagram projects over the left upper abdomen.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / bilateral / multiple / small ; Nodule / lung / hilum / bilateral / multiple / small ; Granulomatous Disease ; Contrast Media / abdomen / left	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX, preop knee surgery.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Left basilar subsegmental atelectasis versus scar noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process.	XXXX-year-old woman, rule out TB..
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size in appearance and stable from XXXX. The lungs are clear. Soft tissues and bony structures are unremarkable. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Unremarkable examination of the chest.	Elevated blood pressure and thoracic pain
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	Bronchiectasis
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma within the right middle lobe.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with neck injury XXXX painting this weekend. Pain radiating into the chest.
Finding data is null	normal	No suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. Findings compatible with right apical chronic inflammatory change. No acute airspace process or pleural effusion. Stable mediastinal contour. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.	LBOT CA
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	XXXX and congestion
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact. Stable calcified granuloma in the left lung.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX and hypertension.
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old XXXX, MVC.
Mild cardiomegaly. Hypoinflation of the lungs. Right basilar XXXX opacity may represent atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Sclerosis of the humeral XXXX bilateral, XXXX from prior AVN. Sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. Calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / base / right ; Sclerosis / humerus / bilateral ; Sclerosis / spine ; Calcinosis / abdomen ; Pulmonary Atelectasis ; Cholelithiasis	1. Right basilar opacities favored to represent atelectasis. 2. Stigmata of XXXX cell disease. 3. Cholelithiasis.	XXXX-year-old woman with XXXX onset of chest pain.
The lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Patchy airspace disease is present in the right middle lobe. Degenerative changes are present spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Emphysema ; Airspace Disease / lung / middle lobe / right / patchy ; Spine / degenerative	1. Hyperexpanded lungs suggesting emphysema. 2. Patchy right middle lobe airspace disease. May represent pneumonia. Followup examination is suggested following treatment to confirm clearing of the opacities. A 4 to 6 XXXX post treatment interval film would be reasonable to allow clearing of inflammatory opacities.	XXXX
Finding data is null	Diaphragm / right / elevated / mild ; Markings / lung / base / right ; Calcinosis / mediastinum ; Nodule / lung / hilum / left	Heart size within normal limits. Mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with crowded markings in the right lung base. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the left suprahilar lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old male, dyspnea
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Stable XXXX foreign body over the left breast (XXXX nipple piercing). Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	Foreign Bodies / breast / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute preoperative findings.	Preop knee surgery
Compared to prior chest radiograph from XXXX, there has been removal of right-sided tunneled dialysis catheter. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. Mildly increased atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 1.0 cm nodular opacity in the left midlung is stable compared to prior examination from XXXX. No XXXX nodules, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX bilateral pleural effusions posteriorly. There is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion without XXXX pulmonary edema. No acute bony abnormality.	Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Opacity / lung / lingula / round ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / posterior ; Pulmonary Congestion / mild	Central pulmonary vascular congestion without XXXX edema, consolidation. XXXX bilateral pleural effusions.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with positive PPD.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal airspace opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are scoliotic changes of the thoracolumbar spine. There degenerative changes of the spine.	Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Spine / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with dyspnea.
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male, reactive PPD.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality identified.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old woman with XXXX.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	XXXX and XXXX. Chest pain. Vomiting and diarrhea.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute preoperative findings.	Preop bariatric surgery
Hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. No pneumothorax.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / posterior / flattened / mild	Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX.	Chest pain, palpitations
Chest. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. Abdomen. No pneumoperitoneum. There is a normal bowel XXXX pattern. Air and stool visible throughout the entire large colon including the rectum. No abnormally dilated small bowel loops. No evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction. No pathologic calcifications XXXX over the abdomen or pelvis. XXXX XXXX are without fracture or destructive lesion, though there are mild degenerative changes throughout the lumbar spine. Small hiatal hernia is not as well demonstrated on this exam.	normal	Chest. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Abdomen. 1. No acute intra-abdominal process. Negative for obstruction.	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with abdominal pain, question of small bowel obstruction. XXXX onset XXXX and wheezing in bilateral lung XXXX.
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. Stable bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph XXXX. A bullet is present in the posterior soft tissues of the left chest wall, stable compared to prior examination.	Calcified Granuloma / bilateral / multiple ; Calcinosis / lymph nodes / bilateral / multiple ; Foreign Bodies / thorax / left / posterior	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old male, preop history of XXXX..
Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart and mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Bony thorax intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain.
Left lower lobe calcified granuloma. Heart size normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild medial right atelectasis. Mild emphysema.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / right / mild ; Emphysema / mild	Emphysema and mild medial right atelectasis. No acute process.	Pleuritic chest pain and XXXX
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. The lungs are well-expanded and clear. There is no focal airspace opacity. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There is dextrocurvature of the thoracic spine. There is XXXX deformity of the T9 vertebral body. Levocurvature of the lumbar spine with significant degenerative change is also noted.	Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / left ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae ; Lumbar Vertebrae / degenerative / severe	1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Scoliotic curvature of the spine with XXXX deformity of the T9 vertebral body.	XXXX-year-old female, bone marrow transplant workup. Productive XXXX for one XXXX.
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. Calcified granulomas in bilateral XXXX and overlying the T9 vertebral body(lateral view). No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of thoracic spine. No acute osseous abnormality.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Calcified Granuloma / bilateral / multiple ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	No acute process.	Recent myocardial infarct
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Mild degenerative change is seen within the midthoracic spine. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female with hemoptysis.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax. No effusions. Multiple old right-sided rib fractures again noted.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / right / multiple / healed	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Finding data is null	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Tube, Inserted / trachea, carina	Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Heart size borderline enlarged for technique, tracheostomy tube tip approximately 4.7 cm above the carina.	XXXX-year-old female, dyspnea
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No x-XXXX evidence of metastatic disease.	Choroidal melanoma
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The lung zones are clear. There are no bony abnormalities	normal	Unremarkable chest.	Chest pain
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process. No obvious rib fractures. .	XXXX, right sided rib pain after falling on the XXXX.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Low lung volumes. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Back pain. No injury.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures.	normal	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
There has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from XXXX. The cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged. Pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening, suggesting mild pulmonary edema. There is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. There are no acute bony findings.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Pericardial Effusion / mild ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Markings / lung / interstitial ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Edema / mild ; Thickening / pleura	Cardiomegaly which appears XXXX from XXXX with probable mild pulmonary edema. .	XXXX, hypertension.
Finding data is null	Infiltrate / lung / lingula / focal / round / small ; Calcinosis / lung / right ; Calcinosis / mediastinum ; Granulomatous Disease ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right	Small focal nodular infiltrate in the lingula. Correlate clinically for XXXX of infection/pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No edema. Normal heart size. Mediastinal and right lung calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. Right upper abdominal clips from prior cholecystectomy.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain
Normal heart size mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative disc disease in the thoracic spine with osteophyte formation bridging.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX, starting methotrexate
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Back pain
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention / mild	Lungs appear slightly hyperinflated, suggestive of emphysema. No acute airspace abnormality seen. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	XXXX, XXXX LOSS
Chest. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. Thoracic spine. The XXXX examination consists of frontal, lateral and swimmers lateral radiographs of the thoracic spine. There is no evidence of fracture or malalignment. The vertebral body XXXX and disc spaces are maintained. Sternum. The XXXX examination consists of 2 oblique and one lateral radiograph of the sternum. No displaced XXXX fracture demonstrated.	normal	1. No radiographic evidence of acute thoracic XXXX.	XXXX, pain.
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	CHEST XXXX XXXX since XXXX, hx of asthma(jm)
The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. Aorta is calcified and tortuous, compatible with atherosclerotic disease. Since the prior study, there's been interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. The right lung is clear.	Aorta / tortuous ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / left	1. Interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. This may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate.	XXXX year old syncopal episode tonight.
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. There are large calcified mediastinal and right hilar granulomas. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality.	Calcified Granuloma / mediastinum / large ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / right / large	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the chest.	XXXX-year-old female with dysphasia for 3 months.
The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	No Indexing	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Right chest XXXX tip in the low SVC. Right granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Granulomatous Disease / right	No acute findings.	Chest pain.
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are grossly clear. Bilateral rib deformities are noted, possibly old fractures. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Deformity / ribs / bilateral / multiple	No acute disease.	Left midaxillary line pain
Finding data is null	Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / right / mild	Heart size, mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Very mild right apex curvature and upper thoracic spine is nonspecific.	XXXX onset hemoptysis
Minimal right-to-left cardiomediastinal shift. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. There is a moderate sized right pneumothorax. This measures 3.2 cm at the level the right apex.	Pneumothorax / apex / right / moderate ; Shift / mediastinum / mild	Moderate sized right pneumothorax. There is minimal right-to-left cardiomediastinal shift, suggesting XXXX.	Chest pain, right arm numbness
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal units. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Bandlike opacities are present in the right base consistent with areas of atelectasis. Remainder of the lungs appear clear.	Opacity / lung / base / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right	Bandlike opacities in the right base. Appearance suggests atelectasis.	Upper XXXX tract infection
The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. Aorta is tortuous and calcified, compatible with atherosclerosis. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. Severe degenerative changes of both XXXX. The medial lung apices are obscured by the patient's mandible.	Aorta / tortuous ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right ; Lung / apex / bilateral / obscured	1. Stable appearance of the chest. No acute pulmonary process.	XXXX year old abdominal pain.
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Emphysema	There are chronic changes in both lungs with appearance of emphysema. No acute airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. Findings are grossly unchanged compared with prior chest CT from XXXX.	CHRONIC BRONCHITIS WITH ACUTE ACACERBATI chronic bronchitis with acute exacerbation
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, pain
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Fibrosis / bilateral / interstitial	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear of pneumonia. Patient has stable interstitial fibrotic changes throughout both lungs.	History of dyspnea
No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Borderline cardiomegaly. Minimal retrocardiac airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Airspace Disease / lung / retrocardiac / mild	Bony structures appear intact. Minimal retrocardiac airspace disease.	XXXX-year-old, MVC
The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There are calcified granulomas at the right perihilar regions appear stable. There are significant degenerative osteophytes of the thoracic spine also appear stable.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / right / multiple ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / degenerative / multiple / severe	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	abnormal lung sounds rales
Heart size borderline enlarged. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodule in the right lower lobe suggests a previous granulomatous process.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / right ; Density / lung / lower lobe / right	Borderline heart size, no acute pulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old male, pain
The heart is significantly enlarged. Prominent pulmonary vascularity. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, or definite pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	Cardiomegaly / severe ; Pulmonary Congestion	Cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion. No XXXX edema.	Dyspnea
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	please evaluate for left basilar crackles
There is mild hyperinflation. There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. cardiac XXXX generator overlies the left upper thorax with XXXX XXXX tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Implanted Medical Device / left	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX-year-old with ICD implantation.
A right-sided chest XXXX remains in XXXX with the distal tip at the level of the mid SVC. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pulmonary nodules or mass lesions identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. Right-sided chest XXXX in XXXX without demonstration of an acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old male with a prior history of throat cancer and radiation presents with XXXX reported hemoptysis.
Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs. Mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Spine / degenerative / mild	No evidence of metastatic disease. .	XXXX-year-old woman with history of breast cancer.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. A right humeral intramedullary XXXX is noted incidentally, without evidence of XXXX complicating features.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain
Finding data is null	normal	No active disease.	DYSPNEA 786.09
The lungs are hyperexpanded. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal airspace opacities, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. A calcific density in the left midlung zone XXXX represents old granulomatous disease. No acute bony abnormalities.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Calcinosis / lung / lingula ; Density / lung / lingula ; Granulomatous Disease	Hyperexpanded lungs with no focal airspace disease.	XXXX-year-old male with abdominal pain.
Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal.	Lung / hypoinflation	Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.	difficulty swallowing
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula ; Granuloma / lung / hilum / left / multiple	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified left midlung 5 mm granuloma and left hilar granulomas. No effusions. No nodules or masses. No pneumonia. No bony abnormalities. Status post left shoulder replacement.	History of malaise and fatigue
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. No focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. Mild degeneration of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female chest pain
Finding data is null	Pleural Effusion / bilateral ; Thickening / pleura / bilateral / mild	Heart size upper limits normal. Mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No edema, focal airspace consolidation, or pneumothorax. XXXX pleural effusion versus minimal pleural thickening bilaterally.	Eight weeks pregnant, chest pain
Heart size within normal limits. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX, XXXX
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusions.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with altered mental status.
Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .	XXXX-year-old female history of XXXX, chills and difficulty breathing for 10 days.
There are bilateral pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs. In the right lung, there is a 1.9 x 2.1 cm nodule overlying the posterior right 6th rib. There is a 1.0 x 1.2 cm nodule XXXX above this in the interspace between the posterior 5th and 6th ribs on the right. There is a 1.0 x 1.1 cm nodule projecting through the left 9th and 10th interspaces on the PA view. If not already performed, contrast-enhanced XXXX would be XXXX suited to evaluate these findings. There are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. To the stomach contours appear grossly clear. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. There are left-sided axillary clips. There is a right internal jugular central catheter, the distal tip in right atrium.	Nodule / lung / bilateral / multiple ; Surgical Instruments / left ; Catheters, Indwelling / right	1. Bilateral pulmonary nodules suggesting pulmonary metastases 2. Right internal jugular central catheter, the distal tip in the right atrium.	MELANOMA
Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent early pneumonia. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Granulomatous Disease ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right / patchy ; Spine / degenerative	Vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent an early pneumonia given patient's history.	XXXX
Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony changes.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	XXXX.
There is widening of the mediastinum. There is moderate cardiomegaly identified. The central pulmonary XXXX appear enlarged. Correlate for pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal infiltrate. No large effusion or pneumothorax.	Mediastinum / prominent ; Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / moderate	1. Moderate increase in size of the cardiac silhouette. Unclear whether this is secondary to cardiomegaly or pericardial effusion. 2. Pulmonary vascular congestion. 3. Widened mediastinum. Maybe secondary to prominent mediastinal fat or tortuous XXXX. However, adenopathy, or mass is not excluded. CT of the chest with contrast is recommended for further evaluation of these findings.	XXXX-year-old with shortness of breath.
There is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone. Lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. Surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right ; Surgical Instruments / right	No acute pulmonary disease.	Left-sided chest pain for 2 days.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. The distal tip of a right IJ dual-lumen central venous catheter is at the XXXX which junction.	Catheters, Indwelling / right	No evidence of active disease.	Rule out tuberculosis, facility placement.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	normal	Negative.	XXXX-year-old male. Chest pain.
Cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Interval worsening of the moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis with mild exaggeration of normal thoracic kyphosis.	Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / right / moderate ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / moderate ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Interval worsening of moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. .	XXXX-year-old female history of tetralogy of Fallot s/p repair.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. There is right lower lobe scarring. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Granulomas present. No acute bony abnormalities.	Cicatrix / lung / lower lobe / right ; Granuloma / multiple	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. No acute bony abnormalities. .	XXXX, left rib pain, history of SDH, XXXX, hypokalemia.
Stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Left basilar airspace opacity XXXX secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues. DISH of the thoracic spine is noted. Otherwise, visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.	Cardiomegaly ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Epicardial Fat ; Hyperostosis, Diffuse Idiopathic Skeletal / thoracic vertebrae	Stable cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. .	XXXX-year-old female, SOB , dyspnea/drug-induced XXXX, nonsmoker.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Difficulty breathing, chest pain.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female, preop cholecystectomy, XXXX, history of sarcoidosis..
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX
The heart is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There are streaky left basilar airspace opacities, compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis CT. There is a left upper lung granuloma. Otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX appear intact.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Opacity / lung / base / left / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left	Left basilar atelectasis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old woman with XXXX and leukocytosis.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is mild calcification of the transverse XXXX. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine are noted.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Calcinosis / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old chest pain for 2 hours.
Chest. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. Pelvis. There are numerous clips overlying the pelvis and lower abdomen. Nonobstructive bowel XXXX pattern. No pathologic calcifications. Hip joint spaces are symmetric and normal. Sacroiliac joints are unremarkable. No fractures or dislocations.	normal	1. Chest. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Pelvis. No acute osseous findings.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain and pelvic pain.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Spine / degenerative	1. No evidence of active disease.	Testicular carcinoma.
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / base / left	XXXX opacities in the left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old male, dyspnea
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear.	XXXX loss. Atypical tuberculosis infection
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly ; Implanted Medical Device / left ; Markings / lung / prominent / chronic	There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable cardiomegaly and left-sided pacemaker. Increased pulmonary markings XXXX chronic without significant change. No active air space process.	Increased dyspnea, history of CHF
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old male, pain
Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	normal	No acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No evidence of active tuberculosis.	normal	No acute disease.	+PPD
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. XXXX.
The opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are again noted. There is a large amount of XXXX distending the stomach, which incidentally was also seen on prior exam of 3 years ago. There is no pneumothorax.	Opacity / lung / base / left ; Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Cardiomegaly ; Abdomen / enlarged / severe	1. Left basilar opacity XXXX represents atelectasis/scarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. 3. No XXXX airspace disease.	XXXX year old woman with chest pain.
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. Heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. The thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. Pulmonary XXXX are within normal limits. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain
Stable heart size. Diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities. No pneumothorax. No effusions. No acute bony abnormalities.	Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial / diffuse	Stable bilateral interstitial opacities, could represent scarring or infiltrate. CT may be helpful to further characterize.	XXXX-year-old female with HIV and shortness of breath.
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidations. The osseous structures are intact.	Pulmonary Emphysema	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Emphysematous changes of the lungs.	XXXX-year-old female with chronic bronchitis.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Emphysematous changes are identified. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear.	Emphysema	Emphysema without acute disease.	Shortness of breath
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis	tuberculosis positive PPD
Heart size is normal. Mild XXXX XXXX atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild	Bibasilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute abnormality	Chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain and shortness of breath.
The lungs are hyperexpanded. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion, focal airspace opacities or pneumothorax. No free subdiaphragmatic air.	Lung / hyperdistention	Lung hyperexpansion. No focal air space disease.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX and asthma.
The heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old female with history of asthma; preoperative evaluation. XXXX: XXXX and lateral chest radiographs XXXX.
The lungs are hypoventilated. There is no focal consolidation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation	Hypoventilated lungs, but no focal consolidation.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
The heart is again mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. Changes of XXXX sternotomy and valvuloplasty are noted. Left subclavian ICD is unchanged in position. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic XXXX suggesting small bilateral pleural effusions.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Implanted Medical Device / left ; Lung / hypoinflation / mild ; Costophrenic Angle / blunted ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small	1. Mild stable cardiomegaly. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions.	Pacemaker placement
Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures are intact.	normal	Normal chest radiograph.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX
The bony thorax is intact and the heart size is normal. The lung XXXX are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. We again note the left hilar calcifications that are unchanged from the prior studies.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / left	Negative chest.	Chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male, pain.
Normal heart size mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Stable, mild dextro curvature of the spine.	Scoliosis / right / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, chronic XXXX
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There are advanced degenerative changes of the glenohumeral joints bilaterally with bone-on-bone articulation, remodeling of the glenoid, and extensive subchondral cystic change. No displaced rib fractures are visualized. Diffuse osteopenia of the thoracic spine with a mid thoracic and several lower thoracic XXXX deformities, age-indeterminate. There is an air-fluid level in the middle mediastinum, most XXXX secondary to a large hiatal hernia.	Cardiomegaly ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / severe ; Hernia, Hiatal / large ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic / thoracic vertebrae / diffuse ; Fractures, Bone / thoracic vertebrae ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / multiple ; Humerus / degenerative / severe ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	1. No acute thoracic abnormality. 2. Cardiomegaly with marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. 3. Probable large hiatal hernia. 4. Limited evaluation of the thoracic spine secondary to osteopenia, age-indeterminate XXXX fracture deformities.	XXXX, weakness
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. There is improvement in bilateral pulmonary edema with mild residual. There is minimal right-sided pleural effusion. Heart silhouette is not enlarged. There is calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. There is no pneumothorax	Pulmonary Edema / bilateral / interstitial / mild ; Pleural Effusion / right / small ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes	1. Improving bilateral interstitial edema pattern. 2. Small right-sided pleural effusion.	Increased O2 requirement
Interval removal of left-sided chest tube. Small residual left apical pneumothorax has increased slightly in size the prior exam, now measuring approximately 0.9 cm from the thoracic apex. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion.	Pneumothorax / apex / left / small	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, chest tube removal.
Unchanged cardiomegaly. Negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation. No large effusion. Mildly prominent interstitial opacities.	Cardiomegaly ; Opacity / lung / interstitial / prominent / mild ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial / mild	Stable cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary interstitial edema.	XXXX-year-old female, dyspnea.
Examination was performed with nipple markers. The previously noted small nodule in the right lower lung is not well-seen on today's study and may have been secondary to summation of structures. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are otherwise clear.	Medical Device / breast / bilateral	No acute disease. Previously visualized nodule in right lower lobe not well-seen on today's study, XXXX summation artifact.	with nipple markers test ca; r/o XXXX
There is significant interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification. Persistent small right pleural effusion and XXXX XXXX atelectasis. No pneumothorax. Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. No acute bone abnormality.	Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right ; Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right ; Pleural Effusion / right / small ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / right ; Consolidation / lung / middle lobe / right ; Consolidation / lung / base / right	1. Improved right mid lung and right basilar consolidation. 2. Decreasing right pleural effusion.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX, known right pleural effusion.
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal. There is calcification of the thoracic aorta.	Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence of pneumonia.	INDICATION data is null
There are mildly diminished lung volumes. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Implanted Medical Device / pulmonary artery	The 3 XXXX XXXX remain intact, and the prosthetic pulmonic valve is unchanged in position. A fourth XXXX XXXX remains disrupted. There is persistent mild to moderate cardiomegaly. The lungs appear clear.	D transposition of the great XXXX
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There is a streaky opacity within the right upper lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / streaky ; Infiltrate / lung / upper lobe / right ; Pneumonia / upper lobe / right	Right upper lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX.
Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. There is dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Multiple thoracic XXXX deformities appear unchanged. There is no displaced rib fracture identified. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Stable changes of chronic lung disease with flattening of the left hemidiaphragm. There is mild right basilar airspace disease which may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Aorta / tortuous ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / right ; Diaphragm / left / flattened ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right / mild ; Consolidation / lung / base / right / mild ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	1. No acute posttraumatic finding. 2. Mild right basilar airspace consolidation may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate. 3. Changes of chronic lung disease.	XXXX-year-old female status post XXXX.
Heart size is normal. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No consolidating airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild	No acute abnormality identified.	Altered mental status.
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Patchy right lower lung opacification is noted.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right / patchy ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right	Right basilar airspace disease.	XXXX-year-old male chest pain.
Normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are no acute osseous abnormalities present. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. The soft tissues are within normal limits.	Granulomatous Disease ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain.
Finding data is null	normal	Lumbar spine. No fractures. No dislocations. Disc spaces are normal. No degenerative disease. Clips in the gallbladder region. Thoracic spine. No XXXX fractures or dislocations. No significant degenerative disease. Chest. Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No effusion or pneumothorax.	pain and spine and chest after XXXX
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	Weakness and dizziness.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Dyspnea
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	Preop surgical XXXX for knee surgery
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute findings.	Chest pain
Finding data is null	normal	Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease.	Transplant evaluation; No chest complaints; Nonsmoker; No previous surgery; Shielded.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old male with edema and hypertension..
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is minimal XXXX airspace opacity in the right middle lobe, XXXX atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear of focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta with atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic XXXX. There are moderate degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There are no acute bony findings.	Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right / mild ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Pulmonary Atelectasis	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Medical XXXX, aspiration.
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No focal infiltrate.	XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is a single cardiac XXXX projecting over the right ventricle. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	No Indexing	Cardiac XXXX projects over the right ventricle, without evidence of acute complication.	Pacemaker placement.
The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. Calcified granuloma noted in the right midlung. The heart size is within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality is identified.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with hypertension.
There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX-year-old with XXXX and low-grade temperature.
Normal heart size. Clear, hyperaerated lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. XXXX substernal density may be related to a pectus deformity.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Density / sternum	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Syncope. XXXX attack.
The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or effusion. No acute bony abnormalities are seen. No radiopaque foreign bodies are present.	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Negative examination of the chest.	XXXX-year-old male, rule out foreign body.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX incontinence preop examination
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	Chronic smoking and prior asbestos exposure.
Finding data is null	Thickening / pleura / apex / bilateral ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic / degenerative / mild	Stable XXXX silhouette. No pneumothorax. No focal consolidation. No large pleural effusion. Unchanged pleural thickening at the visualized lung apices. Mild osteopenia, degenerative changes. No fractures.	PAIN;
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No radiographic evidence of metastatic disease in the chest.	Pancreatic mass. Evaluate for XXXX.
Large calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is unchanged. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace opacification.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right / large	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male, rule out tuberculosis
Mild cardiomegaly. Normal size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable XXXX.	Cardiomegaly / mild	Mild cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. .	Syncope.
Finding data is null	Stents / aorta	Stable position of the aortic stent with a normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs.	Status post aortic stent
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. There are postsurgical clips in the right upper quadrant.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / moderate ; Surgical Instruments / right	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Heart size within normal limits. Small, nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. This does not look like an acute infiltrate, and more XXXX represents a granuloma. No pneumothorax or effusions.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / round / small ; Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right / round / small	No acute findings, no evidence for active TB.	XXXX-year-old male with positive PPD.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / multiple	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified granulomas.	History of dyspnea
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There are no acute bony findings.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Preop, bilateral knee injury.
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. There is XXXX minimal sclerotic change overlying the midthoracic spine the lateral view. Unclear whether this is a pulmonary finding or skeletal finding. Bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for potential metastatic disease. The mediastinal contours are normal.	Sclerosis / thoracic vertebrae / posterior / mild	1. Vague increased sclerotic focus overlying the posterior spine on lateral XXXX, XXXX from prior study. Although this may be artifact or a pulmonary density, a XXXX sclerotic focus within the thoracic XXXX cannot be excluded. Bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for metastatic disease to the bone.	XXXX XXXX
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Chest pain.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	XXXX and congestion with XXXX for 1 month
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size In appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are diffuse, bilateral interstitial opacities, with XXXX B lines demonstrated. Small amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures. There is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci, which may reflect XXXX effusions. Negative for pneumothorax. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX the grossly intact.	Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial / diffuse ; Pulmonary Edema / mild ; Costophrenic Angle / sulcus / bilateral / blunted / mild ; Heart Failure	1. Heart failure with pulmonary edema.	Asthma
Finding data is null	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Sulcus / right / posterior / obscured	Heart size normal. Mildly tortuous aorta. No overt edema. No focal consolidation, no pneumothorax. No significant pleural effusion, though the extreme posterior right sulcus is excluded on the lateral image.	History of CHF
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. XXXX atelectasis in the right lung base. No focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	1. XXXX atelectasis in the right lung base. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	dyspnea
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are again seen. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. Right lung calcified granulomata are again seen. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / right / multiple	No acute cardiothoracic disease or significant interval change.	Chest pain, correlate with V/Q scan.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute findings.	XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Multiple abscesses, polysubstance abuse, tachycardia.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX, XXXX..
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX
There is a small area scarring lateral right mid to lower lung zone. No focal consolidation is identified. No cavitary lesions are seen. There is no pleural effusion. Mediport catheter seen in the mid SVC. The patient has a tracheostomy. The skeletal structures are normal.	Cicatrix / lung / middle lobe / right / small ; Cicatrix / lung / lower lobe / right / small ; Catheters, Indwelling	Small area scarring in the right lower lung zone.	Possible active TB.
Finding data is null	Lung / base / bilateral / hypoinflation / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	Suboptimal inspiration with mild bibasilar hypoventilation and some subsegmental atelectasis within right middle lobe. otherwise clear lungs with no acute airspace disease seen. No effusions. Stable and unremarkable mediastinal contour. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.	786.2, 53XXXX with XXXX x 6 months
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	Chest pain.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Negative for pneumoperitoneum. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old XXXX for 4 days.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process. No evidence of active tuberculosis.	XXXX-year-old male, history of positive PPD, completed treatment. HIV positive.
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Fibrosis / base / bilateral	Concerning findings for fibrosis in the bases of the lungs. This can be further characterized with a XXXX of the chest. No confluent lobar pneumonia or pleural effusion.	Preop anesthesia XXXX
Stable postsurgical changes. Heart XXXX, mediastinum and lung XXXX are unremarkable. Stable calcified small granuloma in left base.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left / small	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease	Chest pain.
Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. Numerous XXXX calcifications are again noted. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.	Calcinosis	Clear lungs with heart size upper limits of normal.	cp htn
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. Scattered thoracic spine spurring.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / scattered	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old female MVA, chest pain
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Minimal XXXX scarring in both lower lobes. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Stable mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Cicatrix / lung / lower lobe / bilateral / mild ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	XXXX
In the interval, consolidations have developed in the left upper lobe and both lower lobes. Heart size remains slightly large. Pulmonary XXXX normal.	Consolidation / lung / upper lobe / left ; Consolidation / lung / lower lobe / bilateral ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Pneumonia / focal / multiple	Bilateral increasing consolidations, consistent with multifocal pneumonia.	XXXX. Decreasing saturation.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are multiple XXXX sternotomy XXXX and surgical clips compatible with prior CABG. The most caudal XXXX sternotomy XXXX is fractured. There are no acute bony findings.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild ; Surgical Instruments ; Fractures, Bone / sternum	1. Low lung volumes. No acute pulmonary findings. 2. Fractured XXXX sternotomy XXXX, without evidence of complication. .	Chest pain.
The lungs appear clear. The thoracic aorta remains tortuous. The presence of an aortic aneurysm cannot be excluded on this study XXXX. A there are calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX suggesting prior histoplasmosis infection. The pleural spaces are clear.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes	1. Stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. The presence of an underlying aneurysm cannot be excluded. 2. Clear lungs	,786.2
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma within the left midlung.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old for preop evaluation for rectal/anus surgery. XXXX.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX
Low lung volumes. Question patchy opacity left base. No pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. Small right effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pleural Effusion / right / small ; Opacity / lung / base / left / patchy	1. Patchy opacity left base, may represent evolving infiltrate. 2. Small right pleural effusion. .	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	INDICATION data is null
Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified.	normal	1. No acute abnormality. 2. No evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis.	XXXX-year-old woman, positive PPD.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	Heart size mildly enlarged for technique. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female, pain
Heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Irregular 1.2 cm opacity in the left upper lung is identified both on PA and lateral views and XXXX represents chronic scarring. She has a partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No focal infiltrate. Anterior wedging of multiple vertebral bodies including T6, T8, T11 and T12.	Aorta / tortuous ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left / irregular ; Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / left / chronic ; Deformity / ribs / posterior ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / anterior / multiple ; Thickening / pleura / upper lobe / left	XXXX scarring or pleural plaque in the left upper lobe with partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. No acute findings.	DYSPNEA; XXXX and chest pressure x 2 days, Hx of lung XXXX in XXXX and XXXX
Both lungs are clear and expanded. An old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. Heart and mediastinum normal.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left	No active disease.	starting treatment with humira, r/o tb
There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No free subdiaphragmatic air.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular	Low lung volumes. No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX year-old male with dyspnea, chemical exposure.
Finding data is null	normal	Left knee. Moderately severe medial joint space narrowing and spurring. Chest. Heart size normal. Lungs clear.	preop total left knee
There is hyperinflation lungs. There appears to be fibrosis or central pulmonary vascular congestion more pronounced on the left in the right. Heart is mildly enlarged. There no pleural effusions. Cardiac pacemaker seen. The skeletal structures show senescent changes.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Fibrosis / chronic ; Pulmonary Congestion / bilateral ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Implanted Medical Device	1. Pulmonary vascular congestion versus chronic fibrotic changes. 2. Cardiomegaly. 3. Senescent changes.	XXXX and shortness of breath.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Chest pain.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Shoulder / bilateral / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX, preoperative evaluation for prostate surgery scheduled XXXX.
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	Chest pain
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Multiple punctate round XXXX XXXX over the abdomen on the lateral view. These may reside within, or outside of the patient.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old chest pain and XXXX.
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX XXXX opacities in the left lung base are compatible with scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear.	Opacity / lung / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left	No acute disease.	XXXX and XXXX, immunosuppression
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.	normal	1. No active disease.	XXXX-year-old female with two-XXXX history of XXXX
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. No acute bony abnormality is identified.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX and chest pain
There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. The cardiac XXXX generator overlies left upper thorax with XXXX XXXX tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles.	Implanted Medical Device / thorax / left	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX-year-old with pain.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old physical assault one XXXX ago with pain in the anterior ribs.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.	Medical Device	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	Chest pain.
Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.	normal	No active disease.	Pain.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	Pleural Effusion / borderline	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old male, pain
Stable moderate cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are unchanged. Stable prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature with coarse central interstitial markings. Decreased left basilar airspace disease. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Blood Vessels / lung / prominent ; Markings / lung / interstitial ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Infiltrate / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Congestion	1. Stable moderate cardiomegaly with prominent central pulmonary vasculature. 2. Improved left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate.	Chest pain
The heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. There is a moderate hiatal hernia. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. No effusion or pneumothorax.	Hernia, Hiatal / moderate	1. Stable appearance of the chest with moderate hiatal hernia. No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX year old XXXX by ambulance for chest pain.
There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal heart size. Calcific aorta. Normal vascular markings. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Calcinosis / aorta	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old woman, followed right middle lobe and right lower lobe pneumonia.
A cardiac defibrillator device is in XXXX over the left chest wall with a single XXXX projecting over the right ventricle. The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. The thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures.	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Stable normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary XXXX and interstitium. Lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No active/acute cardiopulmonary disease.	normal	Stable normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary XXXX and interstitium. Lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No active/acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Shortness of breath.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	XXXX XXXX. Swimmer.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Chronic appearing interstitial marking. Right upper lobe granuloma, stable The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spine.	Markings / lung / interstitial / chronic ; Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right ; Spine / degenerative	1. Chronic changes without acute process	Syncope and right elbow pain after falling
Minimal XXXX opacities at the posterior sulci. A few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. Otherwise, The lungs are clear with granulomas and XXXX sulci. Heart size upper normal thin LV contour.Unfolded calcified aorta. T-spine small osteophytes.	Opacity / sulcus / posterior / mild ; Markings / sulcus / left ; Granuloma / lung ; Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple / small	No pneumothorax. Similar appearance.	left-sided chest pain under left breast. Three days.
Heart size at the upper limits of normal. There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal airspace consolidation, large effusion, or appreciable pneumothorax. Tortuous, unfolded to descending aorta. Calcified aortic XXXX. XXXX curvature of the thoracic spine. Exaggerated kyphosis. XXXX are diffusely osteopenic. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior XXXX loss of several vertebral bodies.	Calcified Granuloma / scattered / multiple ; Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Kyphosis / severe ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic / diffuse ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / multiple / mild	Chronic changes without acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old, preop carotid endarterectomy.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Interval placement of right humeral prosthesis, incompletely evaluated. Incompletely evaluated the lumbar spine fusion XXXX. XXXX cholecystectomy.	Implanted Medical Device / humerus / right ; Spinal Fusion / lumbar vertebrae	Interval placement of right humeral orthopedic XXXX, incompletely evaluated. If attention is desired to this area, consider dedicated shoulder x-XXXX.	XXXX-year-old female. Soft tissue sarcoma, left leg. Recent right shoulder repair.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Chest pain. XXXX vehicle accident.
Finding data is null	Tube, Inserted / trachea ; Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Opacity / lung / base / interstitial / patchy ; Markings / lung / base / interstitial	Tracheostomy tube terminates at the level of the clavicles. Moderate cardiomegaly stable. Increased interstitial markings and patchy opacities through the bases. Nonspecific, findings may indicate edema or atypical infection. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.	Productive XXXX x4 days
Normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. No focal lung consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild dextrocurvature the spine.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Scoliosis / right / mild	No acute process.	Chest pain
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. Unchanged degenerative changes to the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	1. Unremarkable chest radiograph. 2. Unchanged degenerative joint disease of the thoracic spine.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX, left hip replacement
Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, the typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild spine dextrocurvature noted.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Pulmonary Edema ; Scoliosis / right / mild	Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	Chest pain after coughing for 2 weeks.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Granulomatous calcifications are present. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact. Prior cholecystectomy.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / multiple	No acute preoperative findings.	Preop bariatric surgery
There is XXXX airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen behind the right hemidiaphragm on PA view. This is also well seen on lateral view. Remainder of the lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Mediastinal contours are normal.	Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / right ; Pneumonia / lower lobe / right	The right lower lobe pneumonia	,486
Borderline heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. No active pulmonary disease. Mild spondylosis.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Aorta / tortuous ; Spondylosis / mild	No acute process.	Preop XXXX, hip surgery
The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with dyspnea.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Low back pain and left chest pain
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	History of hepatocellular carcinoma, status post transplant.
Lungs are clear. blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX consistent with a small left pleural effusion and associated airspace disease. The right lung is clear. Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Costophrenic Angle / left / blunted ; Pleural Effusion / left / small ; Airspace Disease / lung / left ; Granulomatous Disease ; Spine / degenerative	1. Heart size upper limits of normal. 2. Small left pleural effusion with associated airspace disease.	dyspnea
There is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. There is no evidence of aspiration. A 3.0 cm nodule is present within the right hilum. No moderate to large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.	Nodule / lung / hilum / right ; Mass / lung / hilum / right ; Contrast Media / esophagus	1. Retained contrast in the distal esophagus. 2. Unchanged right hilar mass.	XXXX-year-old female with achalasia post myotomy in XXXX. Upper XXXX with retained contrast. Known right lung mass.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There is a 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule, not seen on prior exams. There are posttraumatic deformities of the right posterior ribs. No focal airspace consolidation or effusion. No pneumothorax.	Nodule / lung / lower lobe / right ; Deformity / ribs / right / posterior / multiple	1. Right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. XXXX for better characterization. 2. No acute pulmonary process.	ECF placement
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No change right anterior soft tissue surgical clips. Configuration of breast shadows on the PA view suggests prior right lumpectomy.	Surgical Instruments / right ; Deformity / breast	No active disease.	chronic XXXX with 30 lbs wt loss
Heart size within normal limits. Trachea is midline. The lung volumes are is somewhat low. Both lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. No pleural effusion. No pulmonary nodules visualized.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild	No pulmonary nodules. Negative chest.	XXXX with XXXX, neuropathy
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old complaining of chest pain
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	normal	Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	INDICATION data is null
Consolidation and some atelectasis are present in the left lower lobe. Patchy interstitial infiltrates are also present in the right lower lobe. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting is present. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.	Consolidation / lung / lower lobe / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / left ; Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / right / interstitial / patchy ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral	Bibasilar airspace disease, left worse right. Bilateral pleural fluid.	Patient with dyspnea and XXXX
Finding data is null	Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae / anterior	Heart size is top normal. Mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity are unremarkable. There are no focal infiltrates, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Lower anterior cervical spine fusion XXXX.	XXXX breath. Neck surgery 2 months ago
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, right chest XXXX tip in the low SVC. Monitoring device artifacts. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Catheters, Indwelling ; Medical Device	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old female, infection, XXXX
Finding data is null	Catheters, Indwelling ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / degenerative	Heart size normal. Central catheter tip in upper SVC. Lungs are clear. Degenerative spur overlies the posterior inferior aspect one of the mid thoracic vertebral bodies.	History of necrotizing granulomas.
XXXX opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse XXXX compared to prior study. Lung volumes are low. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX are normal. There no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. The patient is status post XXXX sternotomy. There calcifications of the thoracic aorta.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic	1. Worsening bibasilar subpleural interstitial opacities suggestive of interstitial lung disease. High-resolution XXXX would be recommended to evaluate these findings 2. No evidence of acute pneumonia	,786.2 XXXX cxr
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX.
Finding data is null	Density / thorax / right ; Density / thorax / base / left ; Diaphragm / right / elevated / mild ; Costophrenic Angle / left / obscured ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Calcinosis / lung / middle lobe / right / round ; Density / lung / middle lobe / right / round ; Granulomatous Disease ; Thickening / pleura / apex / left / mild ; Epicardial Fat / bilateral / prominent ; Hyperostosis, Diffuse Idiopathic Skeletal / thoracic vertebrae	Interval improvement/resolution right patchy lateral base opacity. There is continued XXXX density in the right lateral and left base of the chest with minimal tenting of the lateral right hemidiaphragm . Costophrenic XXXX blunting may persist but the left costophrenic XXXX is clipped from view. There is a right middle base calcific nodular density XXXX from old granulomatous disease. Mild left apical pleural thickening. XXXX XXXX and valve XXXX. Probable prominent epicardial fat pads on either side. Thoracic spine DISH.	Status post cardiac valve replacement and CABG.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Right lung base granuloma. The lungs are otherwise clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Granuloma / lung / base / right ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute pulmonary findings.	XXXX.
Finding data is null	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / degenerative ; Surgical Instruments / lung / hilum / right	Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. Stable degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. Clips overlie the right medial hilum.	prostate cancer
Right costophrenic XXXX is blunted. In the left lower lobe a patchy infiltrate is present. The pulmonary XXXX are normal.	Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted ; Pleural Effusion / right / large ; Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / left / patchy	Large right pleural effusion and patchy left lower lobe airspace disease.	dyspnea
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX scarring and emphysematous changes noted. The lungs are grossly clear.	Cicatrix ; Emphysema	No acute disease.	Chest pain, XXXX with dyspnea
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / severe ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Shoulder / right / degenerative	No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There is marked cardiomegaly. Aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine and right shoulder.	XXXX-year-old with elevated INR and nosebleeds. Irregular heartbeat. Shortness of breath.
There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. There are XXXX opacities in the right mid lung, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No significant pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / left / patchy ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right ; Atherosclerosis / aorta	1. Patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, possibly atelectasis or pneumonia. 2. Right mid lung subsegmental atelectasis.	Hypoxia
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There is stable mild XXXX deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body.	Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with productive XXXX.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.	normal	No evidence of acute thoracic XXXX.	XXXX, transfer patient
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Spine / degenerative	1. No evidence of active disease.	Hyperlipidemia. Chest XXXX.
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.	normal	There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	Chest pain, shortness of breath
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	XXXX
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / lymph nodes / right / paratracheal ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right	Heart size is normal. No nodules, masses, or adenopathy. Calcified right paratracheal and right hilar lymph XXXX unchanged.	History of testicular cancer
The heart is at the upper limits of normal in size. There is XXXX patchy opacification in the right upper and left lower lobes. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Atherosclerotic aortic XXXX calcifications noted. Stent overlying the right upper quadrant XXXX represents prior TIPSS procedure. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / patchy ; Opacity / lung / lower lobe / left / patchy ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Stents / abdomen / right ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Airspace Disease / lung / upper lobe / right ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / left	Right upper and left lower lobe airspace disease. .	XXXX-year-old male with pain.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Shortness of breath, throat pain
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Mild spondylosis.	Spondylosis / mild	No acute findings.	XXXX.
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Removal of 2 left-sided chest tubes. There is no pneumothorax. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is minimal posterior pleural effusions.	Pleural Effusion / bilateral / posterior / mild	1. No pneumothorax following removal of left-sided chest tubes.	Status post chest tube removal
No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal heart size. Tortuous and dilated aorta. Chronic interstitial markings. Left base opacity. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Thoracic Vertebrae / scattered / degenerative ; Aorta / tortuous ; Markings / lung / interstitial / chronic ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left	Left basilar airspace disease.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with shortness of breath.
The cardiomediastinal contours are stable and normal. Mid sternotomy XXXX again noted. Mildly low lung volumes. No significant pulmonary edema, focal lung consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax seen.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Chest pain
Patchy airspace disease in the left lingula. No significant effusion. Clear right lung. Normal heart size. Granulomatous mediastinal calcifications. Right chest XXXX tip at SVC.	Airspace Disease / lung / lingula / patchy ; Calcified Granuloma / mediastinum / multiple ; Catheters, Indwelling / right	Patchy airspace disease in the lingula without evidence of effusion. Pneumonia is in the differential. A followup exam in 4 to 6 weeks should be considered to ensure resolution of this process.	Productive XXXX
There is some minimal biapical scarring. A calcified granuloma is present in the right middle lobe. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.	Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX since last XXXX
The trachea is midline. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is normal in contour with overlying sternotomy XXXX. The lungs are clear without acute infiltrate, effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no fractures or dislocations.	normal	No acute abnormalities.	Dyspnea on exertion.
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Degenerative spine.	Spine / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are slightly hypoinflated but clear. There is no pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild	No acute disease.	XXXX x days
XXXX focal opacity in the medial right lung base XXXX seen on the frontal view. No definite pleural effusion. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Opacity / lung / base / right / focal / abnormal	Abnormal opacity in the right lung base which may be compatible with pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. Recommend clinical correlation for infection and followup to resolution. Or, if clinical findings are not compatible with XXXX may be of XXXX.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX, difficulty breathing
Normal heart size. Aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Right IJ central venous catheter tip in region of mid SVC. There are 2 AICD leads, one tip in expected region of right atrium and one tip in expected region of right ventricle. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Implanted Medical Device	There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	rectal cancer
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / right ; Calcinosis / lung / base / right ; Granulomatous Disease ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / anterior / mild	Heart size is normal. Mediastinal width is within normal limits for supine AP technique. No edema. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right hilar and right lung base calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. There is a very mild anterior wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebrae, possibly T7, age-indeterminate. Correlate for midthoracic tenderness. No displaced, acute rib fractures are identified.	MVC.
There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Questionable old left posterior third and fourth rib fractures. Visualized soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal heart size. Normal hilar vascular markings. Subtle prominence of interstitial markings in the bases, left worse than right. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	Markings / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial / prominent / mild	Subtle interstitial markings bilateral, may represent mild pulmonary edema or chronic interstitial changes.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
Heart size upper limits of normal. Small amount of left basilar airspace disease. The right lung is clear. There are no cavitary lesions seen. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions.	Airspace Disease / lung / base / left / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Infiltrate / lung / base / left	Left basilar atelectasis and/or infiltrate, with no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis.	XXXX-year-old male, rule out tuberculosis.
There is opacity at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation. There may also be small bilateral pleural effusion. Upper limits of normal heart size. Mild central vascular prominence. Old fracture deformities of multiple right ribs.	Opacity / thorax / posterior ; Consolidation / lung / lower lobe / left ; Pulmonary Congestion / mild ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / right / multiple / healed ; Deformity / ribs / right / multiple / healed ; Cardiomegaly / borderline	1. Question of left lower lobe pneumonia and/or pleural effusion. 2. Borderline heart size with mild central vascular congestive changes.	INDICATION: SHORT OF BREATH; -- Admit Comments: UTI PERSISTENT XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain.
Normal heart. Clear lungs. Stable calcified granuloma left midlung. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Midline trachea.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula	Normal chest exam.	Chest pain.
The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Aortic vascular calcifications. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Fracture-dislocation of the right shoulder. Bone demineralization. Scoliosis which is possibly positional.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Fractures, Bone / shoulder / right ; Dislocations / shoulder / right ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic ; Scoliosis	Clear lungs. Fracture-dislocation of the proximal right shoulder .	tripped XXXX letting XXXX XXXX out, XXXX a possible XXXX, and now is c/o right arm/shoulder pain.PT unable to raise rt arm for lateral view due to PX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are well-inflated and grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There is a XXXX-A-XXXX terminating in the superior XXXX XXXX. There are surgical clips in the left breast and axilla.	Surgical Instruments / breast / left ; Surgical Instruments / left	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Pain, back spasms. History of breast cancer. Chemotherapy one XXXX ago.
Heart size is normal. Aorta is tortuous and ectatic. Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear without evidence of fibrosis. Pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Endplate sclerotic changes are present in the thoracic spine.	Aorta / tortuous ; Sclerosis / thoracic vertebrae	Ectatic aorta. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	pt w/ sacroiliitis
Heart is at the upper limits of normal size. Lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal pulmonary vascularity.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	Preoperative for kidney pancreas transplant
Normal heart size. Dilated pulmonary arteries. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. No focal airspace consolidation. Decreased biapical vascular markings with moderate hyperexpansion the lungs, consistent with obstructive pulmonary disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Pulmonary Artery / enlarged ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Lung / hyperdistention / moderate ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Markings / lung / apex / bilateral	1. Moderate hyperinflation of the lungs. 2. Dilated pulmonary arteries. This may reflect pulmonary hypertension.	Increased dyspnea on exertion, XXXX with COPD on home oxygen
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Unchanged multiple XXXX foreign bodies overlying the left clavicle and midline in the posterior soft tissues. The bony thorax is grossly intact.	Foreign Bodies / clavicle / left	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain right arm pain
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. A hiatal hernia is present that is unchanged from the prior study. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right ; Hernia, Hiatal	1. Clear lungs. 2. Stable hiatal hernia.	XXXX-year-old female with shortness of breath
Left lung clear. Questioned some vague right lower lobe opacity on the frontal film. XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scar seen on lateral view. Cardiac silhouette borderline in size within LV contour. XXXX sulci. XXXX unremarkable.	Pulmonary Atelectasis ; Cicatrix / lung ; Cardiac Shadow / borderline ; Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right ; Cardiomegaly / borderline	XXXX and vague opacity at the right lower lobe of uncertain significance. Could represent subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. Borderline heart size related to recent pregnancy. Consider followup chest radiographs to show clearing.	Dyspnea. XXXX XXXX the increase in C-section one XXXX ago.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	INDICATION data is null
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. Small bilateral pleural effusions are seen.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small	Small bilateral pleural effusions.	INDICATION data is null
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion. There is redemonstration of right rib deformities XXXX from old XXXX. XXXX of mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. There is no free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / mild ; Deformity / ribs / right / multiple	No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female with history of XXXX for 3 days, questionable blood in sputum.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
Finding data is null	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Catheters, Indwelling ; Tube, Inserted ; Mediastinum / prominent	1. All lines and tubes in stable , XXXX position. 2. Limited portable study with stable appearance of lung XXXX with stable widened mediastinum 3. No XXXX acute findings/pneumothorax noted.	HYPOXIA;
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX on the frontal view. There is also mild obscuration of the right cardiac XXXX. Airspace disease in expected location of right middle lobe also noted on the lateral view to No pleural effusion. Left lung clear. Degenerative changes spine. No pneumothorax.	Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted / mild ; Heart / right / obscured / mild ; Airspace Disease / lung / middle lobe / right ; Spine / degenerative	Right middle lobe airspace disease, which could represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.	XXXX and shortest breath for 2 weeks
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Shortness of breath, XXXX inhalation.
There has been interval sternotomy with intact midline sternotomy XXXX. The heart is near top normal in size with unfolding of the aorta. The lungs are grossly clear with no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are grossly normal.	Aorta / tortuous ; Cardiomegaly	Cardiomegaly, however no acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with right-sided chest pain and recent XXXX.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild chronic degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Spine / degenerative / chronic / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea
The cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. Nipple shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	Cardiac Shadow / borderline ; Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Nipple Shadow / lung / base / bilateral	Borderline cardiomegaly. No acute findings. .	Pain, productive XXXX, shortness of breath.
There is mild XXXX opacification over both XXXX, XXXX secondary to soft tissue attenuation. There are no focal air space opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Trachea is midline. No free subdiaphragmatic air.	Opacity / thorax / mild	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX year-old female with dyspnea.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Apparent nodular opacity on lateral projection, immediately retrocardiac, is XXXX to represent confluence of overlapping silhouettes. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right ; Opacity / retrocardiac / round	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. XXXX. XXXX.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. Negative for pneumoperitoneum.	normal	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX XXXX opacities in right mid lung. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear.	Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right	No acute disease.	HYPOXIA;
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX for 6 months.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	normal	Clear lungs.	Chest pain below left breast.
Rounded 1.4 cm projecting retrosternally on lateral view only. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Negative for pneumoperitoneum.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Opacity / round	1. Negative acute bone abnormality. 2. Indeterminate 1.4 cm opacity seen only on lateral view is of unknown clinical significance, and may be located in or on the patient. Clinical correlation, with possible followup chest x-XXXX recommended if clinically appropriate. Dr. XXXX XXXX was notified of the indeterminate rounded opacity at XXXX hours on XXXX and acknowledged receipt of the study finding.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
Mediport catheter seen on the right with the tip in the mid SVC. The lungs appear to be clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	Catheters, Indwelling / right	No active disease.	Bladder cancer.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Pain and XXXX
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX vehicle accident with left shoulder pain.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is XXXX biapical scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear.	Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral	No acute disease.	Bilateral rhonchi
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	Lungs are hyper expanded consistent with COPD. No parenchymal infiltrates. No XXXX of pleural effusions. Normal heart size. No XXXX of acute cardiopulmonary disease, unchanged.	,491.21 chronic bronchitis with acute exacerbation No known XXXX. Bronchitis x1 month. S.O.B and productive XXXX, XXXX XXXX. XXXX, 1 XXXX a XXXX. No pain or previous surgery. Menopausal, no XXXX of pregnancy.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old with chest pain.
The lungs are clear. There are calcified granulomas. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes in the spine.	Calcified Granuloma ; Spine / degenerative	Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	Pre op Sarcoma
Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity.	normal	Normal exam	Shortness of breath.
Heart size is normal. No focal airspace disease. Emphysema. Bibasilar pleural scarring. No pneumothorax or effusion.	Emphysema ; Cicatrix / pleura / base / bilateral	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old female with COPD and worsening dyspnea.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Postsurgical changes of the cervical spine are present.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	INDICATION data is null
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female with left-sided chest pain.
No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mildly prominent perihilar opacities, XXXX due to bronchovascular crowding. Heart size within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is XXXX. The bony structures appear intact.	Opacity / lung / hilum / multiple / prominent / mild ; Markings / bronchovascular	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old female with one-XXXX history of XXXX and XXXX
The heart is mildly enlarged. The aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic. Chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring and/or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. No focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified. Costophrenic XXXX are blunted.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Aorta / tortuous ; Cicatrix / lung / base / right / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Costophrenic Angle / blunted	Borderline cardiomegaly and mild chronic changes. No acute infiltrate.	XXXX loss and chest pain
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There are no focal air space opacities. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the chest.	XXXX-year-old male chronic XXXX.
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right	No acute abnormality. .	Syncope
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Aorta is tortuous. Calcified lymph XXXX are again identified. There is mild prominence of the right paratracheal soft tissues, stable in appearance from prior studies. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. Osteopenia and degenerative changes are identified. XXXX deformity of T9 appears worse than prior study.	Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / lymph nodes ; Mediastinum / right / paratracheal / prominent / mild ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae ; Emphysema	1. Emphysema without acute infiltrate. 2. Progressive XXXX deformity of midthoracic vertebral body, XXXX T9.	XXXX with XXXX and XXXX loss
Mild hyperinflation. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild	Mildly hyperexpanded lungs without acute focal infiltrate.	Asthma
Lungs are hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size normal. No change calcified left hilar XXXX and left small granuloma.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / left ; Granuloma / left / small ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	XXXX change. COPD with no acute disease.	INDICATION data is null
Heart size is normal. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old male XXXX with abnormal EKG.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. Tubular densities overlying the heart XXXX are XXXX coronary artery stents. There are small round calcific densities in the bilateral lobes which are unchanged from prior exam and XXXX represent sequelae from old granulomatous disease. Otherwise lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Stents / coronary vessels ; Calcinosis / lung / bilateral / round / small ; Granulomatous Disease ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Density / lung / bilateral / round / small	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	HX of stents
There are low lung volumes. The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Lung / hypoinflation	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain
Normal cardiac contours. Clear lung XXXX bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Stable calcified granuloma within the right upper lung. No acute bone abnormality..	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain.
There is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. Lungs otherwise are believed to be clear. The heart is normal. There are calcified left hilar and mediastinal lymph XXXX. The skeletal structures show some senescent changes.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes ; Granulomatous Disease	Old granulomatous disease. No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX XXXX and flulike symptoms.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX are again seen. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.	Atherosclerosis / aorta	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. There are postsurgical changes of the left breast. The lungs are clear.	Mastectomy / left	No acute disease.	chronic XXXX; left mastectomy
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious bony opacities. Heart size slightly enlarged. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly, stable.	XXXX-year-old female, abdominal pain.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.	normal	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain
Please	Implanted Medical Device ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Shoulder / degenerative	Stable left chest, XXXX-XXXX, cardiac pacemaker seen, sternotomy XXXX. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Low lung volumes. Streaky opacities at the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis, unchanged. The visualized thoracic XXXX are unremarkable. Degenerative changes demonstrated within the left glenohumeral joint.	ICD/PPM IMPLANT-OVERPENTRATED;
Mild cardiomegaly. Tortuous aorta. No focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta / tortuous ; Density / lung / apex / right ; Opacity / lung / apex / right	Asymmetric right medial apical opacity which may be attributable to the sternoclavicular joint. Upper lobe airspace disease or pulmonary nodule is not entirely excluded. Recommend XXXX XXXX chest and apical lordotic view of the chest to further evaluate. Findings and recommendations were discussed XXXX. XXXX in the XXXX department at XXXX a.m. XXXX/XXXX.	Frequent XXXX.
Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart and mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Bony thorax intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX and nonproductive XXXX x1 XXXX.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.	normal	Unremarkable radiographs of the chest.	XXXX x1 XXXX.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Palpitations
Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There are extensive vascular calcifications. There is a left midlung calcified granuloma.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Spine / degenerative / mild ; Calcinosis / blood vessels / severe ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula	Cardiomegaly without acute disease.	XXXX-year-old preop evaluation for knee replacement.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	Breast cancer.
Within the posterior lateral 8th rib there is a deformity along the cortex with associated oblique lucency. In addition within the posterior lateral 9th rib there appears to be a obliquely oriented lucency with cortical disruption. Findings are concerning for possible left rib fractures. Otherwise the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Multiple small punctate radiopaque foreign bodies are seen within the subcutaneous tissues and are present on previous CT scan from XXXX.	Deformity / ribs / posterior ; Foreign Bodies / multiple / small ; Lucency / ribs / posterior	Possible lower posterior lateral left rib fractures as described above. If further concern for rib fractures dedicated rib films would better evaluate. Otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Left rib pain.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Positive PPD
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX XXXX
Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are grossly intact.	normal	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with shortness of breath.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is moderately enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. There is a XXXX ICD generator obscuring the left lateral midlung with the leads projecting over the expected location of the right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary sinus.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Implanted Medical Device ; Lung / lingula / obscured	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema.	Shortness of breath with exertion. Cardiomyopathy.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Callus or granulomas identified. Left XXXX-A-XXXX remains in XXXX.	Granuloma	No evidence of active disease.	Bladder cancer
There is mild cardiomegaly. Aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous, consistent with atherosclerotic disease. There are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified. This may be secondary to edema, or alternatively atypical infection. No large effusion or visualized pneumothorax. Osteopenia of the spine is identified.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta / severe ; Aorta / tortuous ; Opacity / lung / interstitial / diffuse ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic / spine	1. Cardiomegaly with diffuse interstitial opacities. Findings may be secondary to pulmonary edema. Atypical infection is another consideration.	XXXX year old with diarrhea and lethargy.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	r/o pleural effusion
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest.	pa/lat cxr,786.2 XXXX
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Subtle increased opacity of right mid hemithorax XXXX related to superimposed soft tissues. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Opacity / thorax / right	No acute disease.	Dyspnea
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are numerous calcified granuloma in the right perihilar region. There are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / right / multiple ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Cholecystectomy clips are present.	Surgical Instruments / abdomen	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX. XXXX to feel a rapid heart and chest pain around XXXX this a.m. no cancer hx, nonsmoker
Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No suspicious focal air space opacity.	normal	No acute abnormality.	COPD. Preoperative evaluation.
Heart size slightly upper normal. Atherosclerotic calcifications within the aorta.. Lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. No focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the spine are noted.	Pulmonary Emphysema ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Spine / degenerative	1. Emphysematous change without acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Dyspnea and weakness
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	INFECTION/XXXX;XXXX 12:30p-kg
No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old male, testicular cancer.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. XXXX scar in the right lateral midlung. Adjacent focal pleural thickening is noted. Chronic blunting of both lateral costophrenic XXXX. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Tortuous, ectatic thoracic aorta, unchanged. XXXX sternotomy XXXX intact.	Cicatrix / lung / middle lobe / right ; Thickening / pleura / right / focal ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted / chronic ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Infection, XXXX, shortness of breath
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Right apical pleural retraction. Hyperexpansion, flattening of diaphragms, and increased AP diameter consistent with history of COPD. Degenerative disease of the thoracic spine is present.	Deformity / pleura / apex / right ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with COPD exacerbation.
Blunting of the costophrenic XXXX XXXX represents scarring. No pleural effusion is identified on the lateral view. There is no focal consolidation. No pneumothorax is present. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits are in the pulmonary vasculature is normal.	Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Cicatrix / costophrenic angle	Scarring at the lateral costophrenic XXXX. Otherwise no significant radiographic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male to evaluate for metastatic disease.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Acromioclavicular arthritis is present, XXXX severe.	normal	No acute preoperative findings.	Preop chest x-XXXX.
There has been previous aortic valve replacement. Heart is towards upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion. The skeletal structures are normal. The soft tissues are normal.	Implanted Medical Device / aortic valve	Question mild pulmonary vascular congestion in a patient with prosthetic aortic valve.	COPD and shortness of breath.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are small calcified granulomata in the right lateral lung.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / right / small	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain.
There is a right PICC with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. No overt pulmonary edema. There are streaky bibasilar opacities. No large pleural effusion. The right hemidiaphragm is elevated. No pneumothorax is identified. There are degenerative changes of the spine. Bilateral surgical clips are noted.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky ; Diaphragm / right / elevated / mild ; Spine / degenerative ; Surgical Instruments / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral	1. Streaky bibasilar opacities; the appearance XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. 2. Enlarged cardiac silhouette. 3. Mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm.	XXXX-year-old female with history of osteomyelitis. XXXX.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart is normal. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Senescent changes of the spine are seen.	Atherosclerosis / aorta	No acute pulmonary disease.	Preop for back surgery, XXXX.
Limited lateral projection. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Healed distal left clavicular fracture noted.	Fractures, Bone / clavicle / left / healed	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX, EtOH abuse.
The heart is near top normal in size with tortuosity of the aorta. The pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and normal. There are low lung volumes with XXXX opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in thoracic spine and thoracic kyphosis.	Aorta / tortuous ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / focal ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae	Low lung volumes with XXXX opacities consistent with focal atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Finding data is null	normal	Chest. Heart size normal lungs are clear. Right knee. Severe osteoarthritis all 3 compartments	preop knee replacement surgery and XXXX
Stable normal cardiac size and contour, normal mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary XXXX. Lungs clear, no airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	Stable chest, no active/acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis	No acute pulmonary disease.	Preop bladder surgery
PICC line catheter tip XXXX in the right atrium. Heart is not enlarged. Trachea and XXXX bronchi appear normal. Lungs are mildly under expanded. No pneumothorax. There are small areas of patchy density in the left lower lung XXXX. There is a larger area of XXXX patchy density in the right mid and lower lungs with right-sided pleural effusion.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Lung / hypoinflation / mild ; Density / lung / lower lobe / left / patchy / small ; Density / lung / lower lobe / right / patchy ; Density / lung / middle lobe / right / patchy ; Pleural Effusion / right ; Pneumonia	In view of the history findings are strongly suggestive of XXXX acute pneumonia with right-sided pleural effusion.	Strep viridans bacteremia. Known neutropenia, XXXX and leukemia. Right upper quadrant pain
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is bilateral hyperinflation, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	Lung / bilateral / hyperdistention / mild	Mildly hyperinflated, clear lungs.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with shortness of breath, XXXX..
Considering differences in technical factors XXXX stable cardiomegaly and stable mediastinal contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Cardiomegaly ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old female, dyspnea
Cardiomegaly is present. The upper lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous hypertension. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Bony changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted.	Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Congestion / upper lobe / mild ; Hypertension, Pulmonary ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right	1. Cardiomegaly and mild vascular prominence. 2. No evidence of acute disease.	Kidney transplant.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum unremarkable. No change in the mediastinal surgical clips.	Surgical Instruments / mediastinum	No active disease.	XXXX for 6 weeks.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with history of pneumonia.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Right basilar calcified granuloma noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX XXXX, persistent XXXX..
There is a left-sided biventricular pacemaker. Leads overlie the right ventricle and a lateral cardiac vein. The leads appear intact. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are mild diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, XXXX pulmonary edema. There are XXXX opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view. No large pleural effusion is seen on the lateral view. No pneumothorax is identified.	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / mild ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial / diffuse / mild ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial / mild	1. Left-sided biventricular cardiac pacemaker. Leads appear intact. No pneumothorax. 2. Cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema. 3. XXXX opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view, possibly lingular atelectasis or infiltrate. No large pleural effusion.	Status post pacemaker implantation
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / base / right / irregular ; Lucency / lung / base / right / irregular ; Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted / mild	Decrease ill-defined mixed lucent and opaque area in the right lateral lung base with small XXXX XXXX remaining and minimal associated right lateral costophrenic XXXX blunting. No XXXX pulmonary consolidation. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable. The left costophrenic XXXX is clear. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment . CT ratio 12/33	shortness of breath for 3 days. Productive XXXX. Yellowish bloody sputum. XXXX. XXXX blood clot in right lung.
There is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. Calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. Lungs are otherwise clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left / mild ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right / posterior / multiple	Minimal small area scarring of the left base.	Alveolar and adenopathy.
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old male with rib pain, XXXX, left-sided bruising, evaluate for pneumothorax
There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is no focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. The cardiomediastinal contours is grossly normal in size and contour.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old with shortness of breath. Evaluate for malignancy.
Finding data is null	normal	Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease.	CHEST XXXX XXXX reads screening- bacterial dis, pt does not XXXX XXXX, unable to obtain history
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.	normal	No acute abnormality. .	XXXX for 4 weeks
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention	Stable appearing hyperinflated chest. Postop changes mediastinum as before. No suspicious appearing lung nodules or acute airspace disease. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.	Esoph cancer
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right	Heart size is normal. 2 cm calcified granuloma in the right midlung. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. No other nodules or masses. It is unchanged XXXX compared to a XXXX for the abdomen CT scan from XXXX. The XXXX 40% of the nodule is on the upper portion of the XXXX film.	left chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Right chest XXXX is visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are clear.	Catheters, Indwelling / right	No acute disease.	LYMPHOMA BMT W/U LAB;
No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, dyspnea.
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Heart size normal. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old chest pain.
Right thorax volume loss with some degree of left-to-right mediastinal shift. Relative hyperlucency of left lung, XXXX compensatory hyperinflation. Diminutive right hilar silhouette, compatible with absence of right XXXX pulmonary artery, as noted on prior CT. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.	Lung / left / hyperdistention ; Lung, Hyperlucent / left ; Volume Loss / thorax / right ; Shift / mediastinum	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. XXXX vehicle XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Cholecystectomy clips overlie the right upper quadrant. No acute bone abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX, nonsmoker.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	Pre- bone marrow transplant XXXX.
Finding data is null	Scoliosis / mild	Heart size is normal lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis. Minimal scoliosis.	tuberculosis +PPD
Stable appearance of the esophagogastric tube and left PICC. Stable tubing overlying the midabdomen.. Persistent patchy retrocardiac airspace opacity XXXX atelectasis.. Severe stable scoliotic changes of the spine..	Tube, Inserted ; Catheters, Indwelling ; Opacity / retrocardiac / patchy ; Pulmonary Atelectasis ; Scoliosis / severe	1. No significant interval change.	XXXX and increased secretions
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention ; Markings / lung / interstitial / prominent / mild ; Thickening / pleura / apex / bilateral / chronic	Hyperinflated appearing lungs as before with some stable slightly prominent appearing interstitial markings most XXXX representing mild chronic inflammatory change. Stable biapical chronic inflammatory change with pleural thickening. No acute airspace disease, effusions, or CHF. Stable mediastinal contour. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.	XXXX
XXXX change. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.. No visible cardiopulmonary injuries.	football injury yesterday
There is a calcified granuloma in the lateral left base. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted as well as scoliosis and lumbar region.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae ; Granulomatous Disease	Old granulomatous disease and senescent changes but no acute pulmonary disease.	Shortness of breath and chest pain for one XXXX
Chest: The heart is enlarged. There may be a pericardial effusion. No definite pulmonary edema is seen. Lungs appear clear. There is no pleural effusion. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. KUB XXXX: XXXX single view of the abdomen was obtained. The bowel XXXX pattern is nonspecific. There is no evidence for obstruction or free intraperitoneal air. No large soft tissue masses or organomegaly are identified. The skeletal structures appear normal.	Cardiomegaly	Chest. 1. Cardiomegaly with possible pericardial effusion. 2. No evidence for pulmonary edema or pneumonitis. KUB. 1. Nonspecific abdomen.	Difficulty breathing for one XXXX. Right lower quadrant pain for 2 months.
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Low lung volumes with minimal left basilar opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / base / left / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / mild ; Infiltrate / lung / base / left / mild	Minimal left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. Low lung volumes.	XXXX distress
Heart size normal. Lungs XXXX clear. XXXX XXXX normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	dyspnea.
There are low lung volumes. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Calcific density in the right lung apex, compatible with calcified granuloma.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / apex / right ; Density / lung / apex / right ; Calcinosis / lung / apex / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Pain
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX.
Bilateral emphysematous again noted and lower lobe fibrotic changes. Postsurgical changes of the chest including CABG procedure, stable. Stable valve artifact. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No large pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes noted of the visualized thoracic spine. Nodular right lower lobe opacity, XXXX nipple XXXX. Contour abnormality of the posterior aspect of the right 7th rib again noted, stable.	Pulmonary Emphysema / bilateral ; Pulmonary Fibrosis / lower lobe / bilateral ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / right ; Deformity / ribs / right / posterior	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Stable bilateral emphysematous and lower lobe fibrotic changes.	XXXX-year-old female, hypoxia.
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain
Normal heart size. Stable tortuous aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. Prior granulomatous disease.	Aorta / tortuous ; Granulomatous Disease	Unchanged exam without acute abnormality.	Dizziness and confusion.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Positive PPD
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	chest pain that started ealier today, non-radiating, XXXX pain, shortness of breath x weeks, pain in XXXX joints x 6 weeks mostly right side, non-XXXX, no hx ca, no previous heart or lung conditions
Chest. Heart size normal. Lungs clear. XXXX unremarkable. Limited technique. Right elbow and forearm. No acute fracture, dislocation or joint effusion. Soft tissues unremarkable. Left ankle. Soft tissue XXXX around ankle. There are midfoot degenerative changes and plantar calcaneal enthesophyte. Ankle mortise intact. No acute fracture or dislocation.	normal	Chest. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Right elbow and forearm. No acute traumatic finding. Left ankle. 1. No acute traumatic finding. 2. Midfoot degenerative changes and calcaneal enthesopathy.	XXXX-year-old MVA.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Low lung volumes. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	Lung / hypoinflation	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are multilevel degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative / multiple	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX-year-old female with asthma, recent pneumonia
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Negative for focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Middle lobe calcified granulomas. Normal XXXX.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. XXXX. Shortness of breath for 5 days.
Overall low lung volumes. Lungs are grossly clear. Pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest. This appears relatively stable compared to the prior examination. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Thickening / pleura / left ; Cardiomegaly ; Spine / degenerative	1. Cardiomegaly. 2. Pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest wall stable since the prior examination.	SOB
Fracture deformity proximal right humerus. Hyperinflation lungs. No pulmonary consolidation. XXXX opacity left base compatible XXXX atelectasis or XXXX scarring. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. Mild atherosclerotic calcification aorta. Prior chest surgery. Costophrenic XXXX clear. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment.	Fractures, Bone / humerus / right ; Deformity / humerus / right ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Atherosclerosis / aorta / mild	1. Fracture deformity proximal right humerus. 2. No pulmonary consolidation.	Hypoxia
Heart size within normal limits and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear bilaterally. No focal consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable.	normal	No active tuberculosis.	Followup +PPD.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild	Slight cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. No effusion	chest pain dyspnea
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute right pulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female dyspnea.
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. No suspicious appearing lung nodules. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	XXXX XXXX XXXX DISEASE;
The heart size is normal. There is normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Lungs are clear bilaterally. Thoracic spine shows anterior osteophyte formation.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / anterior / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	DKA, ALONG W/ CHANGE IN MENTAL STATUS
Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable with atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. Diffusely coarsened interstitial markings are noted consistent with chronic lung disease, with worsened patchy opacities and a left apex and right base. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Markings / lung / interstitial / diffuse ; Lung Diseases, Interstitial / chronic ; Opacity / lung / apex / left / patchy ; Opacity / lung / base / right / patchy ; Airspace Disease / lung / apex / left / patchy ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right / patchy	Changes of chronic interstitial lung disease with ill-defined patchy left apical and right basilar airspace disease. PA and lateral chest radiograph may be of benefit XXXX clinically feasible.	XXXX-year-old woman, hypoxia.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain and shortness of breath since XXXX.
The heart size and cardia mediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is an approximately 8mm opacity overlying the sixth anterior rib. There are other scattered calcified granulomas. The osseous structures are intact. There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Opacity / ribs / anterior ; Calcified Granuloma / scattered / multiple ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX, XXXX symptoms x7 days.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. The study is somewhat limited. No focal consolidation is seen.	normal	No acute disease.	pt has iv''s in XXXX, unable to remove gown or XXXX
Heart size is normal. There are XXXX opacities which appear to XXXX XXXX above the right XXXX fissure. There is mild thickening in the fissure. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / anterior ; Thickening / pleura / mild	XXXX opacities in the right upper lobe anterior segment which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	INDICATION data is null
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with hiccups and XXXX.
Patchy subsegmental atelectasis is seen bibasilar region, no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion is present. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Old fractures seen the left 9th rib.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / patchy ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / healed	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	PTX
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable left lower lobe calcified granuloma. Remote left clavicle fracture.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left ; Fractures, Bone / clavicle / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX loss and history of tobacco use.
Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. There are changes of chronic lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar. Interval placement of the chest XXXX with the tip in the superior XXXX XXXX. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Opacity / lung / streaky ; Cicatrix / lung ; Catheters, Indwelling	Chronic changes with no acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX
The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen on chest x-XXXX. No pneumothorax.	repeat after stab wound
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. There is lingular airspace disease.. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	Airspace Disease / lung / lingula	1. Lingular airspace disease which in the setting of XXXX is concerning for pneumonia.	Dyspnea, chest pain comment XXXX
The heart size is on the upper limits of normal. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Dyspnea.
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	normal	Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	INDICATION: HYPERTENSION; PT to have tumor removed from head/neck. No chest complaints.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Dyspnea. Left upper quadrant pain.
The lungs are without focal air space opacity. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with dyspnea.
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Left-sided aortic XXXX. Pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. Central airways are XXXX. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structure are grossly unremarkable.	No Indexing	No acute pulmonary findings. .	XXXX-year-old male with history of lymphoma.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest No evidence of sarcoidosis.	iritis, rule out sarcoidosis
Normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. Grossly clear lungs, without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No evidence of displaced rib fractures. Normal thoracic vertebral body XXXX.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male involved in ATV rollover XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	No displaced rib fractures, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	rib pain after a XXXX, XXXX XXXX steps this XXXX. Pain to R back, R elbow and R rib XXXX, no previous heart or lung hx, non-XXXX, no hx ca
There is mild cardiomegaly. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace disease, either atelectasis or infiltrate. No pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Infiltrate / lung / base / bilateral	1. Bibasilar airspace disease, greater on the right, either atelectasis or infiltrate. 2. Platelike right midlung atelectasis. .	Question pneumonia, shortness of breath.
There are low lung volumes. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no focal opacity. There is no large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax.	Lung / hypoinflation	Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX.
There may be a subtle airspace opacity in the right base near the midclavicular line. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	No Indexing	Possible area of pneumonitis right lower lobe.	Headache bodyaches chest XXXX
The lung volumes are low. However as compared to the prior study, there are increased perihilar opacities bilaterally. Stable dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine with limited evaluation of the spinal XXXX. The tracheostomy tube is in unchanged position.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / hilum / bilateral ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right ; Tube, Inserted / trachea	Low lung volumes with slightly increased perihilar opacities bilaterally, XXXX infectious etiology.	XXXX-year-old female with history of myelomeningocele, now presenting with XXXX and chest pain
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is a calcified granuloma identified in the right suprahilar region. The aorta is mildly tortuous and ectatic. There is asymmetric right apical smooth pleural thickening. There are severe degenerative changes of the XXXX.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / right ; Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Thickening / pleura / apex / right	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with osteoarthritis of the hip scheduled for total hip replacement. Preoperative evaluation.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There is mild tortuosity to the descending thoracic aorta. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Spine / degenerative	No evidence of active disease.	Melanoma
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable.	No Indexing	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. No evidence of active tuberculosis. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	716.81 OTHER ARTHROPATHY SHOULDER V74.1 SCREENING FOR PULMONARY TB
There is a hiatal hernia. Right chest XXXX tip projects over the upper SVC. Stable granulomatous disease. Lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	Hernia, Hiatal ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Granulomatous Disease	1. Clear lungs. 2. Hiatal hernia. .	CHRONIC XXXX; XXXX to have hiatal hernia repair.
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / bilateral / multiple	Bilateral calcified granulomas. No acute airspace disease. No effusions. Heart size upper limits of normal. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	,786.2 XXXX and fatigue
Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	Granulomatous Disease	Clear lungs.	chest pain
The heart is enlarged. Changes of XXXX sternotomy and bypass graft are identified in the lungs are grossly clear. XXXX right pleural thickening versus XXXX pleural effusion is noted. There is no acute infiltrate. No pneumothorax is seen. Mild granulomatous sequela are noted.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Thickening / pleura / right ; Pleural Effusion / right ; Granulomatous Disease / mild	Mild stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. Possible XXXX right pleural effusion.	Dyspnea
Heart size normal. Prominent epicardial fat. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Epicardial Fat / prominent	Unremarkable examination of the chest.	Dyspnea
There is minimal scarring in the lung apices. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is dextrocurvature within the spine.	Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral / mild ; Scoliosis / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	786.2 XXXX
There are postoperative changes of sternotomy. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Spine / degenerative / diffuse	1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of obstructive lung disease.	Preoperative evaluation for esophageal surgery.
Heart size and pulmonary vasculature are normal. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax large effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain and sternum pain. XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX x2 weeks
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen.	normal	There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX, chest pain.
Cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity stable and within normal limits. Lung volumes are slightly low. There are streaky left basal opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings. No free air is demonstrated.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild ; Opacity / lung / base / left / streaky	Streaky left basilar airspace opacities, which could reflect atelectasis and/or infection.	Abdominal pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain and shortness of breath.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Markings / bronchovascular	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old female, short of breath, chest pain
No focal consolidation. There are prominent interstitial markings, including focally in right upper lobe, which are similar from prior examination. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. There are no pleural effusions.	Markings / lung / interstitial / prominent ; Markings / lung / upper lobe / right / interstitial / focal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old chest pain and dyspnea.
There is abnormal separation of the right XXXX XXXX. This is age-indeterminate. Corticated bony density over the lateral aspect of the clavicle may reflect sequela of old remote XXXX. The cardia mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are normal. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No pulmonary edema . There is minimal endplate degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. Partial obscuration retrosternal space due to overlying XXXX.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Deformity / clavicle / right	1. There is abnormal separation of right XXXX XXXX, question very acute versus chronic injury. Correlate for focal pain. If indicated consider dedicated right shoulder films. 2. No acute cortical artery disease.	XXXX. XXXX. Right-sided injury.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	DYSPNEA/XXXX
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	chest pain
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	Thyroid nodule
Minimal subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / posterior / mild	No focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax.	productive XXXX XXXX/XXXX.
Heart size within normal limits. There is mild hyperexpansion with flattening diaphragms and bronchovascular crowding in the lung bases compatible with emphysema. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Markings / lung / base / bilateral / bronchovascular ; Pulmonary Emphysema / base / bilateral	No acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Degenerative disease is seen in the thoracic spine and left XXXX XXXX.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female shortness of breath.
Both lungs are clear and expanded with no infiltrates. Basilar focal atelectasis is present in the lingula. Heart size normal. Calcified right hilar XXXX are present	Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula / focal ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / right	No active disease.	Burmese male has complete TB treatment
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left	Stable left lower lung XXXX calcified granuloma. Otherwise lungs are clear. Left-sided perihilar calcified lymph node, unchanged. No XXXX of the pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease. No XXXX of active tuberculosis.	Rule out TB for instance the placement.
Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. There is a 2.5 cm vague nodular density in the right mid lung, probably within the middle lobe given the opacification on the lateral view. There is a subtle left retrocardiac density also noted, with obscuration of aortic contour. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.	Density / lung / middle lobe / right / round ; Aorta / obscured ; Density / lung / base / left / retrocardiac	Right midlung and left basilar airspace densities. The most recent study is not available for comparison. Recommend further evaluation with XXXX.	Abnormal findings of previous studies XXXX in XXXX.
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance. Pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. Lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation of the XXXX XXXX to be grossly intact	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX, dyspnea
Heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. No focal consolidation. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.	normal	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
The heart is mildly enlarged. The mediastinal contours are stable. The lungs are clear.	Cardiomegaly / mild	Mild stable cardiomegaly, no acute disease.	Hypertension, cardiac murmur
Stable marked cardiomegaly. Cardiac XXXX generator projects over the left mid hemithorax with a XXXX terminating in the right ventricle. No focal airspace disease. Mild central pulmonary vascular congestion. The heart has the same configuration as seen previously with a pericardial effusion on an abdominal CT in XXXX.	Cardiomegaly / severe ; Implanted Medical Device / left ; Pulmonary Congestion / mild ; Pericardial Effusion	Cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion and no acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea.
[<Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. There is a large hiatal hernia seen projecting in the retrocardiac region. This is XXXX from prior examination. There is associated atelectasis in the left lung base. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.	Hernia, Hiatal / retrocardiac / large ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left	1. XXXX large hiatal hernia. 2. Left base atelectasis.	XXXX
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male who suffered a XXXX.
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. Left basilar patchy opacities. Small hiatal hernia.	Opacity / lung / base / left / patchy ; Hernia, Hiatal / small	Left basilar patchy opacities, which may represent atelectasis or infection. .	XXXX and XXXX, history of breast cancer
There is interval placement of a XXXX on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction. The heart size is within normal limits. Lung volumes within normal limits. Slightly prominent pulmonary vascularity noted. Increased peribronchial cuffing. No large consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. There is subpleural edema outlining the right XXXX fissure.	Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Pulmonary Congestion / mild ; Thickening / bronchovascular ; Pulmonary Edema	1. Stable and adequately placed XXXX. 2. Prominent pulmonary vasculature, subpleural edema, and peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis.	XXXX-year-old male with history of membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis also having shortness of breath.
Redemonstration of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. There are increased bibasilar airspace opacities, left greater than right. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Colonic Interposition / mediastinum ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral	1. Bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right. 2. Stable postsurgical changes with colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with productive XXXX
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / right	Streaky opacities in the right lower lobe most suggestive of atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes atypical infection. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain, XXXX symptoms
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	chest pain.
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen.	normal	There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain, dyspnea
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. There are reticular opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart XXXX. This was present previously and is most compatible with bronchiectasis. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable XXXX.	Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right / reticular ; Bronchiectasis / middle lobe / right ; Heart / right / obscured	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Stable right middle lobe bronchiectasis, XXXX postinfectious/postinflammatory. .	Blood in stool, chest pain.
Lung volumes remain XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in both lower lobes. Old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / bilateral ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / right / multiple / healed ; Thickening / pleura / right ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / focal	Hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis.	HYPOXIA
The lateral images limited secondary to motion artifact. No focal consolidation, large pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Heart size normal. XXXX unremarkable.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	Limited exam, no definite acute intrathoracic finding.	XXXX-year-old female shortness of breath.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Changes of right mastectomy. Sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. Mild thoracic spine degenerative change	Mastectomy / right ; Granulomatous Disease ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX with XXXX
Finding data is null	normal	1. Chest. No visible active cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Left hip. Advanced posttraumatic osteoarthritis.	XXXX/ total hip
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	XXXX, wheezing.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. Both clavicles appear within normal limits on this limited radiographic evaluation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX's disease. Chronic fatigue syndrome. Central chest pain.
There are changes of XXXX sternotomy and CABG. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with right lower lobe crackles.
There are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable. There is an embolization XXXX overlying left upper quadrant.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / bilateral / prominent ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / bilateral ; Pulmonary Edema / lower lobe / bilateral	Bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes XXXX representing airspace disease or edema.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	chest pain
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	dyspnea and XXXX XXXX
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. The previously seen right upper lobe mass lesion is not seen in XXXX study. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman, XXXX..
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute findings	Asthma
There is a rounded dense opacity in the lateral left midlung zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of a rounded pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left / round ; Density / lung / upper lobe / left / round ; Pneumonia / upper lobe / left / round	Opacity XXXX representing left upper lobe pneumonia. Recommend followup radiographically until cleared to ensure that there is no underlying mass.	Pain and difficulty breathing.
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	,485 XXXX and chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine with an age-indeterminate, mild wedge XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2., Mild, age-indeterminate wedge XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fracture visualized.	No Indexing	1. No acute pulmonary disease. 2. No displaced rib fracture visualized.	pt with XXXX, c/o pain r lower ribs
Cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. There is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / focal / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic / mild	Minimal bibasilar focal atelectasis.	Dyspnea and congestion
Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX.
The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Left-sided pacemaker again noted with 1-XXXX in right atrium, another right ventricle and third in the left ventricle. These are stable. There is stable cardiomegaly.	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Cardiomegaly	No significant changes from prior study..	XXXX, XXXX pacemaker leads.
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Overexpanded lungs suggests emphysema. No nodules masses or effusions	History of chest pain XXXX nausea.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Small T-spine osteophytes.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple / small	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Shortness of breath.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size normal. Lungs clear.	preop for XXXX
Lobulated right middle lobe mass measuring 4.5 x 6.8 cm, increased in size compared to prior study, most compatible with neoplasm. Otherwise, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.	Mass / lung / middle lobe / right	1. Interval enlargement of right middle lobe mass, highly suspicious for malignancy. Recommend CT of the chest/abdomen with intravenous contrast for further evaluation. 2. Otherwise clear lungs. Dr. XXXX XXXX notified of the critical results at XXXX on XXXX, XXXX by telephone and acknowledged receipt of these results.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain.
The pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not definitely seen. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax. There is a right chest XXXX with tip projecting over the lower SVC.	Catheters, Indwelling / right	Interval decrease in size of numerous pulmonary nodules and masses. No nodules or masses are definitely seen on XXXX radiograph. .	Metastatic breast cancer, XXXX
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	INDICATION data is null
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX
A left-sided hemodialysis catheter is in XXXX with its distal tip at the right atrium. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no focal opacity. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.	Catheters, Indwelling / left	Stable position of the left-sided hemodialysis catheter otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Shortness of breath.
Finding data is null	Pneumonia / lower lobe / left	Left lower lobe XXXX segment pneumonia. Heart size normal. Lungs otherwise clear. No effusion	XXXX XXXX
Finding data is null	Mediastinum / prominent ; Cardiomegaly / mild	1. Widened upper mediastinal silhouette. May represent vascular shadows exaggerated by supine and very lordotic imaging technique. However, the setting of XXXX, upper mediastinal hematoma not excluded. Depending on clinical suspicion and mechanism further investigation may be warranted. 2. Mild cardiomegaly appears stable. No edema. No layering pleural effusions, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.	XXXX, XXXX, EtOH
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or lobar air space consolidation. XXXX right middle lobe collapse appears less distinct than on prior study.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Palpitation
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Low lung volumes on the AP view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male, assault
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	ALLOGENEIC BMT W/U LAB;
Finding data is null	Mass / lung / base / right / large ; Opacity / lung / base / right / large ; Lung / hilum / right / prominent ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / right / multiple	There is a large masslike opacity in the right lung base which may represent a lung cancer. Additional evaluation XXXX advised. Right hilum appears prominent and may contain some enlarged lymph XXXX. Some calcified granulomas are seen with within the right lung. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No effusions.	XXXX
Finding data is null	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / mediastinum ; Markings / bronchovascular	Exam quality limited by hypoinflation and rotation. Considering technical factors heart size XXXX mildly enlarged, aortic calcifications and ectasia/tortuosity, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female, hypoxia, XXXX
Limited evaluation of the lateral view due to rotation and frontal view due to motion artifact. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Normal pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. XXXX XXXX opacities are related to overlying soft tissues. The posterior sulci are clear. Degenerative changes of the spine.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Opacity / multiple ; Spine / degenerative	1. Stable mild cardiomegaly. 2. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old female shortness of breath.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX
There is bilateral lower lung airspace disease. There are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. There is no pneumothorax. Mediastinal silhouette normal. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX.	Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / bilateral ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / moderate ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left ; Infiltrate / lung / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / bilateral	Small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent infiltrate or atelectasis.	Hypoxic with low-grade XXXX.
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	normal	Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	INDICATION data is null
Finding data is null	Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae ; Spinal Fusion / thoracic vertebrae ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / bilateral / multiple ; Spine / degenerative	Lower cervical and upper thoracic XXXX spinal fixation XXXX. Multiple sternotomy XXXX. Bilateral calcified granulomas and degenerative change in the spine. The lungs appear clear.	XXXX for XXXX in chest
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. No evidence of active tuberculosis.	Positive PPD
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Osteopenia with mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine is noted.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	Stable appearance of the chest. No acute findings.	XXXX year old with pain and XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis	tuberculosis +PPD.
An AICD is seen within the left chest wall with stable intact XXXX placement. Multiple surgical clips are seen within the upper midabdomen. The heart size is normal. Calcifications are seen within the aortic XXXX. Otherwise the mediastinum appears unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / multiple ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Emphysema	1. Emphysema without infiltrates.	XXXX-year-old female with history of XXXX.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Mild degenerative changes at the lower thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old with chest pain.
A strandy infiltrate has developed in the left lower lobe. Right lung is clear. Heart size remains normal.	Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / left / patchy / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / left / focal ; Pneumonia / lower lobe / left	Patchy left lower lobe infiltrate and focal atelectasis, consistent with pneumonitis.	dyspnea
Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild levocurvature of thoracic spine. A 9 mm pulmonary nodule is noted partially overlying the posterior 6th right rib on the frontal view.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / left / mild ; Nodule / lung / right	No acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX, XXXX.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Vascular calcification is noted.	Calcinosis / blood vessels	1. No evidence of active disease.	XXXX.
Trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	chest pain
The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, coronary artery stent artifact, XXXX XXXX and clips suggest CABG. Mediastinal and hilar calcifications XXXX indicate a previous granulomatous process. Stable hyperinflation, bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities, right greater than left, XXXX opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring. No XXXX abnormal pulmonary opacities, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Osseous demineralization, stable appearance of T9 and T12 XXXX fractures.	Stents / coronary vessels ; Surgical Instruments ; Calcinosis / mediastinum ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum ; Granulomatous Disease ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Nodule / pleura / upper lobe / bilateral ; Nodule / lung / upper lobe / bilateral ; Opacity / lung / right ; Cicatrix / lung / right ; Fractures, Bone / thoracic vertebrae ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic	Chronic changes as described, no acute findings	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.	chest pain.
Finding data is null	Pleural Effusion / right ; Lung Diseases, Interstitial / chronic	Unchanged loculated right pleural fusion. No change chronic interstitial lung disease.	recent onset increased SOB
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs besides scattered calcified granulomas. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.	Calcified Granuloma / scattered / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary process. .	XXXX bleed.
Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size. The lungs are hypoinflated with mild bronchovascular crowding. There is mild, XXXX opacity projected over the left lung base. This is partly due to overlying soft tissues, however, there is partial obscuration of the lateral left hemidiaphragm. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are degenerative endplate changes throughout the thoracic spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular / mild ; Opacity / lung / base / left / mild ; Diaphragm / left / obscured ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / mild	Low lung volumes with mild, XXXX left basilar opacity, atelectasis versus infiltrate. .	Chest pain, dyspnea.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. These XXXX't contours appear normal. There is a XXXX fracture of the midthoracic vertebral body. This vertebral body does not appear sclerotic. The age of this fracture is unknown. There are healed fractures of several left anterior ribs. There is a healed left clavicle fracture.	Fractures, Bone / clavicle / left / healed ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / anterior / multiple ; Fractures, Bone / thoracic vertebrae	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence of pulmonary nodules. 2. A single nonsclerotic mid thoracic vertebral XXXX fracture is present. Without a comparison study, the age of this fracture is unknown. Metastatic disease is possible, however given the nonsclerotic appearance, is not XXXX. 3. Healed left clavicle and left anterior rib fractures.	Preoperative evaluation prior to prostate cancer surgery. Evaluate for metastatic disease.
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / lung / upper lobe / right ; Density / lung / upper lobe / right ; Lung / azygos lobe	Calcific density measuring approximately 25 mm projecting over right upper lung, seen well on PA view only. This may represent residua of a healed rib fracture, possibly an osteocartilaginous lesion, or conceivably a granuloma which is difficult to see on the lateral view. This could be followed up in 6 months to confirm stability. Azygos fissure incidentally noted. Lungs overall well expanded and clear. Mediastinal contour in normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	asthma with acute exacerbation
No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Left axillary surgical clips unchanged Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.	Surgical Instruments / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	PAIN IN THORACIC SPINE Pain started in leg area two weeks ago now having severe pain in upper XXXX back area rt side. HF
Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal. There is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax.	normal	Stable chest x-XXXX, without acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX, wheezing.
There is a moderate right-sided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3.3 cm in the right apex. There is a minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture and probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Left lung is clear.	Pneumothorax / apex / right / moderate ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / right / multiple	1. Moderate right-sided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3.3 cm in the right apex. 2. Minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture.	XXXX
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is identified.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	History of XXXX with XXXX.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. No focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	Diaphragmatic Eventration / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX.
Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Osseous structures intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild	No acute disease.	53yof pre-op x-XXXX
Scoliosis and focal eventration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm. No focal alveolar consolidation. Rotated position, considering technical factors heart size XXXX within normal limits. No definite pleural effusion seen, left bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. Exaggerated kyphosis with increased AP dimension of the thorax.	Scoliosis ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / left / posterior / focal ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Markings / bronchovascular / left ; Kyphosis / severe	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, syncope
The outside x-XXXX is normal except for slight cardiomegaly.	Cardiomegaly / mild	Heart size upper limits normal. Lungs are clear. No evidence of active tuberculosis. No change from prior exam.	History of tuberculosis.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Right hilar surgical clips. Stable right-sided volume loss. Increasing density in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, XXXX seen on lateral view. No pneumothorax. Severe degenerative disease of the XXXX.	Surgical Instruments / lung / hilum / right ; Volume Loss / lung / right ; Density / lung / lower lobe / left	Increasing density in the superior segment XXXX the left lower lobe, XXXX seen on lateral view, consistent worsening of known tumor.	Shortness of breath, chest pain, productive XXXX.
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with left shoulder pain.
Stable appearance bipolar dual-XXXX cardiac pacemaker overlying the left hemithorax. No interval change in XXXX position. Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears within normal limits. Lungs are well-aerated. No areas of parenchymal consolidation or pleural effusion.	Implanted Medical Device / thorax / left	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Stable appearance of pacemaker.	Evaluate pacemaker, syncope.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated, without evidence of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Incidental note is XXXX of an azygos fissure. There are no acute bony findings.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Lung / azygos lobe	Mildly hyperinflated, clear lungs.	Vomiting blood, hemoptysis.
Prominent interstitial markings. There are small bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax or focal consolidation. Normal heart size. Catheter tubing present in the upper midabdomen. There is bilateral acromioclavicular degenerative joint disease, right greater than left.	Markings / lung / interstitial / prominent ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Tube, Inserted / abdomen ; Shoulder / bilateral / degenerative	Small bilateral pleural effusions. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with chronic shortness of breath.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. Pulmonary opacity seen in the right lung base, may indicate focal infiltrate. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Opacity / lung / base / right	1. Right lower lobe opacity may represent focal infiltrate versus atelectasis. 2. Low lung volumes. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old XXXX with dyspnea.
Heart size mildly enlarged. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. S-shaped spine curvature noted.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Scoliosis	Cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX
Stable left chest cardiac XXXX generator with 2 distal leads in right atrium and right ventricle. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Emphysema. Stable calcified granulomas. Bony structures appear intact.	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Emphysema ; Calcified Granuloma / multiple	Emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with presyncope.
There is a 1.5 cm nodular opacity projecting over left hilum. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. XXXX opacities XXXX representing surgical clips, in the midline at the level of the thoracic inlet.	Opacity / lung / hilum / left / round ; Surgical Instruments / thorax ; Lung / hilum / left / prominent	1. Prominence of left hilum which could be due to nodule/lymph node or superimposing blood XXXX. In the absence of prior studies for comparison, XXXX chest for further evaluation. Result notification XXXX Primordial.	Preoperative evaluation
The heart is mildly enlarged. Left hemidiaphragm is elevated. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. The mediastinum is unremarkable.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Diaphragm / left / elevated	Borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease.	Edema
There is hyperexpansion. The heart size is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Two circular densities overlying the right ribs which were not present in the XXXX CT. No focal infiltrates	Lung / hyperdistention ; Density / ribs / right / round / multiple ; Emphysema	Emphysema. Recommend rib series to to establish that circular densities overlying ribs are in the ribs.	Evaluate for pneumonia
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Preop inguinal hernia.
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.	normal	No acute abnormality.	Chest pain shortness of breath, hypertension
Finding data is null	normal	1. Chest. No active disease. 2. Right shoulder. Healing scapular fracture.	right shoulder pain.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with left-sided chest pain x3 days, increased today.
Heart size is within normal limits. Aorta appears tortuous and ectatic, unchanged from comparison exam. There is a stable dual XXXX ICD/pacemaker. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen. Visualized osseous structures are grossly intact.	Aorta / tortuous ; Implanted Medical Device / left	1. Stable left chest dual XXXX ICD/pacemaker. 2. Improved lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old XXXX, status post ICD/pacemaker placement.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Chest pain, feels out of it.
The left hilum is retracted superiorly. In the collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles. Additionally, pleural thickening is present in the left apex. No infiltrates are present in the left lower lobe or in the right lung. Heart size is normal. These findings are similar to the previous outside examination.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / upper lobe / left ; Cysts / lung / upper lobe / left ; Thickening / pleura / apex / left ; Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / left ; Tuberculosis / lung / healed	Stable left upper lobe collapse associated with parenchymal scarring and pleural thickening. Findings consistent with previous active pulmonary tuberculosis pneumonia.	XXXX immigrant. tb overseas is asymptomatic
Apparent scarring within the lingula. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	Cicatrix / lung / lingula	Apparent scarring within the lingula, otherwise unremarkable.	Pilonidal cyst, preop evaluation.
Right central venous line has been removed. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. A few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No focal airspace disease is seen. No discrete nodules are identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.	Opacity / lung / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left	1. XXXX opacities at the lateral left base. The appearance XXXX atelectasis.	Endstage renal disease. History of testicular carcinoma.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodule again noted in the right lower lobe suggesting a previous granulomatous process.	Nodule / lung / lower lobe / right	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old female, pain, XXXX
XXXX XXXX right-sided chest tube tip now projects outside the thoracic cavity. No definite residual pneumothorax. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. There are low lung volumes. No large pleural effusion. No focal airspace consolidation. Small amount of subdiaphragmatic free air.	Tube, Inserted / thorax / right ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Pneumoperitoneum / small	1. XXXX XXXX right-sided chest tube tip projects outside the thoracic cavity. No residual pneumothorax. 2. Small residual pneumoperitoneum consistent with known colonic perforation. .	Followup chest tube. Evaluate for pneumothorax.
There is a 1 cm nodule within one of the lung bases, seen only on the lateral view. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	Nodule / lung / base ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right ; Granuloma / right	1 cm nodule within the lung base, seen only on the lateral view. Consider imaging correlation with XXXX abdomen study, if available. .	EVALUATE FOR METASTATIC DISEASE; Pre op for prostatectomy. No chest complaints.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	No Indexing	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. No evidence of active or changes from chronic tuberculosis infection.	XXXX-year-old female without chest complaints. Allergic to TB test. Six months pregnant
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Large calcified granulomas in the right hilum. The lungs are otherwise clear. Prior anterior cervical fusion.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / right / multiple / large ; Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae	No acute pulmonary findings.	Shortness of breath after cervical spine surgery.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial / mild	Increasing cardiomegaly. No effusions. Minimal interstitial edema.	XXXX and dyspnea
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	COPD.
Cardiac silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion. Osseous structures within normal limits.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Dyspnea. Chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Lung volumes are low normal. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Wheezing, chest pain.
The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX for one XXXX
Technically limited study secondary to patient XXXX. Decreased lung volumes with associated bronchopulmonary crowding without evidence of focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Mediastinum / prominent / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Mild nonspecific prominence of mediastinum, consider repeat CXR XXXX if any concern for vascular process.	XXXX-year-old male with complaints of XXXX and headache
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. There is retrocardiac density which XXXX corresponds to patient's known hiatal hernia. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation is seen.	Density / retrocardiac ; Hernia, Hiatal ; Lung / hypoinflation	No acute disease. Retrocardiac density XXXX corresponding to known hiatal hernia.	HYPERTENSION; preop hiatal hernia
There is a lobulated contour to the right paratracheal stripe, possibly consistent with a vascular structure or lymph XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.	Mediastinum / paratracheal / enlarged 	1. Lobulated contour of the right paratracheal stripe. This may represent a vascular structure or enlarged lymph node and could be evaluated further with chest CT. Otherwise, no acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Lungs are hyperexpanded. Bullae are present in the upper lobes. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Blister / lung / upper lobe / bilateral / multiple ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	Findings of COPD. No acute findings.	chest pain, dyspnea
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain
Finding data is null	Emphysema ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral ; Pulmonary Fibrosis / apex / bilateral	heart size normal. Emphysema. Biapical scarring and fibrosis unchanged	pneumonia followup
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Clear lungs bilaterally. No pneumothorax or large effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX
2 images. Heart size upper limits of normal. Mediastinal contours are maintained. The patient is mildly rotated. There is a small to moderate sized right apical pneumothorax which measures approximately 2.0 cm. No focal airspace consolidation is seen. Left chest is clear. No definite displaced bony injury is seen. Results called XXXX. XXXX XXXX p.m. XXXX, XXXX.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Pneumothorax / apex / right / moderate	Small to moderate right apical pneumothorax.	XXXX. MVC.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease..	Persistent XXXX.
Negative for cardiac enlargement. Negative for vascular congestion. Bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs. Negative for pneumothorax. Negative for focal air space consolidation. Some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases XXXX relates to subsegmental atelectasis.	Granuloma / lung / bilateral / scattered ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral	No acute cardiothoracic process.	This is a XXXX-year-old woman with XXXX productive XXXX for 3 days with shortness of breath.
Stable appearance of the right aortic XXXX. Normal heart size. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity.	No Indexing	Stable exam with known right aortic XXXX.	Chest pain. Asymmetric radial pulses.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.	normal	Normal chest.	XXXX, chest pain for shortness of breath for 3 weeks
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	Negative chest x-XXXX. No evidence of pneumonia.	XXXX.
Low lung volumes with magnified appearance of the heart, XXXX normal heart size. Negative for consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.	Lung / hypoinflation	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea
Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures are unremarkable. Possible subtle increased opacity in right apex versus technique. Otherwise no significant interval change compared to prior study	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	Possible subtle increased opacity in right apex otherwise unremarkable appearance of lung XXXX	Dyspnea
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / patchy ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left	Stable cardiac enlargement. Vascular congestion is redemonstrated. Patchy atelectasis and airspace disease is present in the left base. Right base is clear. No large effusion or pneumothorax.	Dyspnea
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	PAIN;
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Atherosclerosis of the aortic XXXX. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Expiratory wheezing. Lower extremity edema.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. The aorta is tortuous, but the heart and mediastinum otherwise normal.	Aorta / tortuous	No active disease.	Chest pain.
Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. The visualized bony structures appear intact. There is a XXXX radiodensity overlying the right shoulder which is XXXX external to the patient however clinical correlation recommended. Scattered calcified granulomas.	Foreign Bodies / shoulder / right ; Calcified Granuloma / scattered / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No fracture visualized.	XXXX-year-old female status post XXXX downstairs with left hip pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is stable XXXX scarring in the right upper lobe. Lungs are otherwise clear. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / right	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Chest pain.
The lateral view is degraded by patient motion. Lungs are grossly clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Spine / degenerative	Mildly limited study with lungs grossly clear.	XXXX
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. Streaky bibasilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis. Vague opacity in the right midlung. Scattered calcified granulomas. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right ; Calcified Granuloma / scattered / multiple	Vague opacity in the right midlung, this could reflect a small focus of atelectasis or infiltrate. Bibasilar airspace opacities, XXXX atelectasis.	XXXX and XXXX.
The heart size is mildly enlarged. The patient is post aortic valve replacement. The XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Implanted Medical Device / aortic valve ; Spine / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Critical result notification documented through Primordial.	XXXX-year-old with chest congestion evaluate for pneumonia.
Normal heart size. Stable unfolding the thoracic aorta. No focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, hypertension, chest pain
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Scoliosis and degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Spine / degenerative ; Scoliosis	1. No evidence of active disease.	XXXX.
No stable cardiomegaly, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable right basilar calcified granuloma. No acute osseous abnormality identified.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right ; Cardiomegaly	Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male shortness of breath..
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable	normal	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	XXXX
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Emphysema ; Pulmonary Fibrosis / apex / left / chronic ; Deformity / lung / apex / hilum ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right	Hyperinflated lungs as before compatible with emphysema. Left apical chronic inflammatory and fibrotic changes with apical hilar retraction, unchanged since prior XXXX. XXXX opacities and chronic inflammatory change right midlung as before. Stable mediastinal contour without overt evidence of adenopathy. No acute airspace disease or CHF. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.	FOLLOWUP sarcoidosis
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Chronic appearing interstitial markings The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spine.	Markings / lung / interstitial / chronic ; Spine / degenerative	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Left flank pain history of COPD
There is a XXXX airspace opacity in the left upper lung. Heart size within normal limits. Mild calcification of the aortic XXXX. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left ; Calcinosis / aorta	XXXX airspace opacity in the left upper lung which may represent streaky atelectasis or resolving pneumonia.	A XXXX-year-old female follow-up XXXX acquired pneumonia.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified lymph XXXX are present.	Calcinosis / lymph nodes	1. No evidence of active disease.	Hypertension. Adrenal tumor.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old mid to lower back pain since XXXX.
Lung volumes are low. No infiltrates. Heart size normal.	Lung / hypoinflation	Hypoinflation with no visible active XXXX pulmonary disease.	dyspnea
Heart size is normal. No large effusions. No focal airspace opacities. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with history of leiomyosarcoma
The heart size is normal. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. The XXXX are normal in appearance.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX symptoms.
Finding data is null	Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right / mild ; Cardiomegaly ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Heart / left / obscured ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic / thoracic vertebrae ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / multiple ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Marked elevation left diaphragm with atelectasis in the left base. Mild atelectasis in the right base. Stable or line cardiac enlargement with atherosclerotic aorta. Obscured left heart XXXX. Kyphotic degenerated thoracic spine with osteopenia multilevel XXXX deformities, poorly defined due to the extensive osteopenia.	Chest pain
Finding data is null	Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Pleural Effusion / left ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / chronic	There is a left IJ approach central catheter. There is a XXXX noted in the catheter at the level of the medial clavicle. The tip of the catheter reaches the level of the brachiocephalic venous confluence. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal silhouette is stable. No edema. Essentially resolved bibasilar atelectasis, no XXXX consolidation or pneumothorax. XXXX left pleural effusion. Chronic left 6th rib fracture.	XXXX, XXXX outside chest radiographs available on PACs, labeled SFHHC
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality..	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female, right rib pain.
Finding data is null	No Indexing	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Anticipated senescent findings with grossly clear lungs and stable/unremarkable mediastinal contour. No effusions. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. No destructive bony lesions are seen.	,719.41,185 XXXX. Prostate cancer.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Atherosclerotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.	Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	Allergic reaction
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX.
Chest. There is no change in the strandy scarring in the right apex. No XXXX infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart and mediastinum remain normal. Lumbosacral spine. disc spaces are old narrow, and large osteophytes present on the vertebral bodies, worst at L2-L3. XXXX elements from L4 through S1 are sclerotic. Sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal. Calcific aortic disease is present.	Cicatrix / lung / apex / right / streaky ; Calcinosis / aorta	1. Chest. No change right upper lobe scar. No acute disease. 2. Lumbosacral spine. Multiple levels of advanced degenerative disc disease and XXXX arthritis.	low back pn
Stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity, stable mediastinal contours. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. Following spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again noted.	Diaphragm / posterior / flattened ; Markings / lung / interstitial / scattered / irregular / chronic ; Aorta / tortuous ; Osteophyte / spine / multiple / mild ; Calcinosis / spine	Chronic changes as described, no acute findings	XXXX-year-old female, pain, short of breath
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.	normal	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with suspected pneumothorax.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size normal and lungs are clear	rule out infiltrates
Heart size is upper limits of normal and stable. They're multiple radiopaque densities overlying the patient.. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spinal.	Spine / degenerative ; Density / thorax / multiple	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Left arm pain with hypotension
Borderline heart size. Worsening central vascular congestion interstitial edema. Small volume bilateral posterior recess pleural effusions. Elevated diaphragms.	Pulmonary Congestion ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / posterior / small ; Diaphragm / elevated ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base ; Heart Failure ; Cardiomegaly / borderline	Manifestations of decompensated congestive heart failure with basilar atelectasis.	CHF
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with syncope and XXXX..
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. Right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated.	Calcinosis / right / paratracheal	No acute findings. Please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted.	XXXX-year-old female, alleged physical assault
Finding data is null	Density / thorax / left	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Soft tissue density overlying the left lateral upper chest may represent the patient's lipoma.	preop lipoma.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Negative for effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace consolidation. The lungs are normally aerated.	normal	Clear lungs, no focal airspace consolidation.	XXXX
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Shortness of breath.
Mild cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Markings / bronchovascular / mild	Mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, pain, short of breath
Finding data is null	Lung Diseases, Interstitial / bilateral / mild	Normal heart size. No XXXX of pleural effusions. There appears to be generalized mild interstitial changes in both lungs. Similar changes appear to have been present XXXX scan focused on the abdomen XXXX. For more detailed evaluation of the lung parenchyma consider XXXX with high resolution technique. There are no XXXX of acute airspace disease. No lung masses visualized. Visualized bony structures have normal appearance.	XXXX occasional XXXX, no other chest complaints. pre-op eye surgery.
The heart size is moderate to severely enlarged. There is prominence of the central pulmonary XXXX suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. There has been removal of the right-sided PICC line. There is persistent left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic XXXX blunting which is not evident on the lateral exam. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There is no pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly / severe ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Hypertension, Pulmonary ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Costophrenic Angle / left / blunted ; Spine / degenerative / mild	Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly with probable pulmonary artery hypertension. Persistent left basilar opacity without significant effusion.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX and shortness of breath.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX.
There is redemonstration of an AICD in the left chest wall with intact stable XXXX placement. There are multiple intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX. There is persistent enlargement of cardiac silhouette. Mediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. Redemonstration of degenerative change in the thoracic spine.	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Cardiomegaly	1. Stable cardiomegaly without infiltrates.	XXXX-year-old male with history of pneumonia and CHF, followup bilateral pneumonia 4 weeks ago, shortness of breath and productive XXXX.
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Dyspnea.
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention ; Calcinosis / scattered / multiple / small ; Nodule / scattered / multiple / small ; Granulomatous Disease	Lungs are hyperinflated suggesting underlying emphysema. No XXXX consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear stable. No edema. Couple scattered small calcified nodules compatible with old granulomatous disease.	XXXX, XXXX breath. XXXX-year-old female. Tamoxifen use.
Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	normal	No acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	,491.21
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are underinflated, but XXXX given the underinflation, the XXXX appear enlarged, more XXXX than on the exam and XXXX. Osteophytic degeneration kyphotic thoracic spine. Mid and lower thoracic vertebroplasty has been performed. A right-sided chest XXXX is present with its tip in the upper SVC.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base	1. No active infiltrate. 2. Marked enlargement of the XXXX bilaterally, increased since the prior XXXX, XXXX adenopathy. 3. Underinflated lungs with basilar atelectasis.	Rule out tuberculosis for preadmission XXXX for hospice.
Diffuse, right greater than left, interstitial opacities. Central vascular congestion. No pneumothorax or focal consolidation. No pleural effusion. Heart size normal.	Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial / diffuse ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial	Bilateral interstitial opacities and central vascular congestion XXXX interstitial edema.	XXXX-year-old female with shortness of breath.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX are present. The lungs are clear.	Atherosclerosis / aorta	No acute disease.	Ramicade therapy; evaluate for tuberculosis
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX.
The heart size is within normal limits. Prominent right paratracheal soft tissues XXXX representing adenopathy. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	Opacity / right / paratracheal / prominent ; Lymph Nodes / right / paratracheal / enlarged	1. Clear lungs. 2. Prominent right paratracheal opacities XXXX representing adenopathy.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes within the spine.	Spine / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	INDICATION data is null
Stable cardiomegaly. Calcified tortuous aorta. No focal air space disease. Stable chronic lung changes. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Diffuse degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Cardiomegaly ; Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / diffuse	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Shortness of breath.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	Chest pain.
Lung volumes are low. The heart is large, and the pulmonary XXXX are engorged. Bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting is present.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Cardiomegaly ; Infiltrate / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Heart Failure ; Pulmonary Edema / base / bilateral / interstitial ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral ; Pulmonary Congestion	Congestive heart failure with bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid.	XXXXyo POD#1 XXXX XXXX with XXXX, left basilar crackles on exam
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.	Lung / apex / bilateral / obscured	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	V70.0 ROUTINE XXXX MEDICAL EXAMINATION AT A XXXX XXXX FACILITY 305.1 NONDEPENDENT TOBACCO USE XXXX
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Lungs are hyperinflated with interstitial changes of severe emphysema. There is an ill-defined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe. This may represent scarring but is incompletely evaluated on the outside study, without coronal and sagittal reformats. There is mild XXXX scarring and/or atelectasis in the lung bases. Lungs otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. There are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There is generalized osteopenia.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Emphysema / severe ; Opacity / pleura / upper lobe / left / irregular ; Cicatrix / lung / base / bilateral / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic	1. Severe emphysema. 2. Irregular, pleural-parenchymal opacity in left upper lobe. This may irregular pleural-parenchymal scarring, however, recommend comparison with more remote outside imaging, if available to determine long-term stability. If none are available, recommend short-term XXXX in 3 to 4 months. Evaluation of coronal and sagittal reformatted images from the outside study would also be helpful. These were not XXXX available at the outside institution. Malignancy cannot be confidently excluded on the available images.	Shortness of breath.
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest.	,786.2 XXXX-XXXX with congestion.
This is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. Some blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX XXXX represent scarring or atelectasis. No large pneumothorax or effusion. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Costophrenic Angle / left / blunted ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / left ; Cicatrix / lung / left	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain and dyspnea.
The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. There are surgical clips in the right axilla region.	Surgical Instruments / right	No active disease.	Preop bladder and kidney surgery.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes with no significant airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	1. Limited low lung volume exam. 2. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX XXXX UP;
No evidence of airspace opacity. No effusion or noncalcified nodules. No evidence of pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest are within normal limits.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	ECF placement.
Finding data is null	Pleural Effusion / left / large ; Lung / left / hypoinflation ; Pleural Effusion / right / small ; Markings / lung / right / bronchovascular ; Pulmonary Congestion / right	Large left pleural effusion with minimal residual left lung aeration. Small right pleural effusion. Right lung bronchovascular crowding and indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to crowding, infiltrates or pulmonary edema. Limited assessment of heart size due to obscured heart XXXX.	XXXX-year-old female, short of breath, hypoxia
The lungs remain hyperexpanded. There are persistent XXXX bilateral lower lobe opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. No XXXX focal infiltrate is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Opacity / lung / lower lobe / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / bilateral ; Cicatrix / lung / lower lobe / bilateral ; Spine / degenerative / mild ; Emphysema	1. No acute findings. 2. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. 3. Emphysema.	XXXX-year-old male with history of emphysema, XXXX, increasing dyspnea
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	LEFT SIDE CHEST WALL PAIN
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	XXXX/pain with respiration
Evaluation is limited by body habitus and AP technique. Enteric suction catheter courses below diaphragm and XXXX film. Stable heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax. Cardiac XXXX generator leads XXXX over the right atrium and right ventricle. Two XXXX bilateral pleural effusions.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Tube, Inserted / abdomen ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Implanted Medical Device ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral	1. Technically limited exam. 2. Low lung volumes with XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. .	XXXX-year-old male, hypoxia.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.	No Indexing	No acute cardio pulmonary disease	low back pain
Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Aorta is mildly tortuous. Lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes in the spine.	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Spine / degenerative / mild	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain and dyspnea.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.	normal	Negative.	XXXX-year-old male. Chest pain.
Stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or large effusion.	Diaphragm / right / elevated	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size normal. Lungs clear. Resolution of effusion seen on prior exam	XXXX XXXX
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size cardiac silhouette, allowing for an AP projection. Normal contour of the mediastinum and aorta. Grossly clear lungs. No obvious pneumothorax or hemothorax. No acute displaced clavicle or rib fractures.	normal	No acute thoracic XXXX.	XXXX. MVA today.
Radiographic attenuation obscures detail. Grossly, the lungs are clear and expanded. Heart is large. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Cardiomegaly	Stable cardiomegaly without gross evidence for failure or pneumonia.	chest pain
The tracheostomy tube tip is 5 cm above the carina. There are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, stable from prior radiographs. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Tube, Inserted / trachea, carina ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial / diffuse / prominent ; Spine / degenerative / mild	1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Prominent bilateral interstitial opacities, stable from prior radiographs.	XXXX-year-old female with history of pneumonia, followup study
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Small T-spine osteophytes.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple / small	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Back pain. Jaw pain.
There are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal infiltrate or effusion. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. No displaced fracture identified.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular	Low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old, MVA, chest pain
Left chest wall Mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior XXXX XXXX. Normal cardiac contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Clear lungs bilaterally. XXXX fracture seen at T5 and L2 with areas of sclerosis throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine.	Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Fractures, Bone / thoracic vertebrae ; Fractures, Bone / lumbar vertebrae ; Sclerosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Sclerosis / lumbar vertebrae	1. Pathologic fractures seen at T5 and L2. 2. Left venous catheter in SVC.	XXXX yr old female with dyspnea.
Heart size within normal limits. Stable position of left subclavian central venous catheter. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax. Mild blunting of the costophrenic XXXX bilaterally.	Catheters, Indwelling ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted / mild ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral	XXXX bilateral effusions.	XXXX-year-old female with hypoxia.
The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are calcifications of the aortic XXXX. The lungs are hyperinflated with increased retrosternal airspace and flattening of hemidiaphragms. There is haziness in the right lung apex. There is a 1.7 cm nodular density in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view, not identified on the lateral view. This may represent a vessel on end. There is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Opacity / lung / apex / right ; Density / lung / base / right / round ; Nodule / lung / base / right ; Emphysema ; Spine / degenerative / mild	1. Haziness in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule. These may be explained by overlapping structures, XXXX chest would be useful for further evaluation. 2. Emphysematous changes.	XXXX-year-old male with worsening XXXX loss. Rule out malignancy.
There is scarring in the right mid and upper lung zone with surgical clips identified as well. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.	Cicatrix / lung / middle lobe / right ; Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / right ; Surgical Instruments / lung / right ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX XXXX lung surgery. Followup
Chest: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Thoracic spine: Mild dextro curvature the upper thoracic spine. Evaluation of the upper thoracic bodies is limited secondary to osseous overlap. Vertebral body XXXX and disc spaces are maintained. Mild degenerative endplate changes. Lumbar spine: There are 5 nonrib-bearing lumbar type vertebral bodies. Alignment is within normal limits. Vertebral body XXXX and disc spaces are maintained. Mild degenerative change without acute displaced fracture or dislocation. Moderate amount of stool..	normal	Chest. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Thoracic spine. Mild degenerative change without acute bony abnormality. Lumbar spine. Mild degenerative change without acute bony abnormality.	MVA with back pain
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute preoperative findings.	Preop bariatric surgery.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. A dense nodule in the right base suggests a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	Nodule / lung / base / right ; Density / lung / base / right	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, pain ComparisXXXXXXXX
There are 2 ICD leads, one with the tip in the expected region of the right atrium and the other with the tip projected over the midline in the expected region of the right ventricle. Calcified granulomas. Normal heart size. Tortuous aorta. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.	Implanted Medical Device ; Calcified Granuloma / multiple ; Aorta / tortuous	There are 2 ICD leads, one with the tip in the expected region of the right atrium and the other with the tip projected over the midline on frontal view, somewhat atypical. However, on lateral view the XXXX is in the expected region of right ventricle. Correlate clinically. This is without significant change compared to XXXX. No significant change in position of the device overlying left chest wall. .	Question of ICD XXXX XXXX
The heart is again mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. Patient is somewhat rotated. The lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm. XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with atelectasis. No large effusion is seen. There is no focal consolidation. Pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated. There are bilateral degenerative changes of the XXXX with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus. Correlate clinically.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Opacity / lung / base ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Dislocations / shoulder / left / chronic ; Shoulder / bilateral / degenerative / severe	1. Mild stable cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion. 2. Low lung volumes with elevated left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. 3. Extensive bilateral shoulder degenerative changes with subluxation/dislocation left shoulder, possibly chronic. Suggest clinical correlation.	Chest pain
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No pleural effusion. There are gastroesophageal junction and epigastric postsurgical changes.	normal	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	Chest pain.
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Nodular density projected over the left base with no lateral view correlate XXXX secondary to soft tissue overlay. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated.	Density / lung / base / left / round	No acute findings. Please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically indicated.	XXXX-year-old female, pain, alleged physical assault
Patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe. Subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart size is normal.	Airspace Disease / lung / middle lobe / right / patchy ; Opacity / lung / lingula / small ; Airspace Disease / lung / lingula / patchy ; Pneumonia / multilobar	Patchy right middle lobe and lingular airspace disease compatible with multilobar pneumonia. .	Shortness of breath for the XXXX XXXX and half.
The Cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. The Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old with dyspnea.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
There is a left base opacity. The right lung is grossly clear. Heart size is normal. Left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. There is no pneumothorax.	Opacity / lung / base / left ; Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left	1. Left base airspace disease. 2. Left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium.	XXXX XXXX WALKING, RE-EVALUATION OF OXYGENATION;
Finding data is null	Thickening / pleura / right / mild ; Pleural Effusion / right / severe ; Hydropneumothorax / apex / right	Extensive postop changes right upper chest wall. Air collection with air-fluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet, XXXX within the pleural space. Some mild right pleural thickening versus XXXX effusion. No acute airspace disease. Mediastinal contour stable.	lung cancer
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic XXXX. No focal consolidation is seen.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Costophrenic Angle / blunted	No acute infiltrate.	XXXX;
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Fatigue, weakness, anterior chest pain
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	Chest pain.
Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Cardiac defibrillator generator projects over the left mid lateral lung. No visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Minimal streaky airspace opacities in the lower lobes.	Cardiomegaly ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky / mild ; Implanted Medical Device	1. Cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. Minimal bibasilar opacities which may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate.	XXXX, XXXX pain.
Finding data is null	Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / right ; Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right / multiple ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Lung / hypoinflation	1. Stable appearance of XXXX scarring in the right upper lung associated with numerous XXXX XXXX granulomas. There are calcified right hilar lymph XXXX as XXXX. 2. XXXX opacities in the left lung base, XXXX atelectasis or scarring 3. Low lung volumes 4. No focal air space opacities to suggest pneumonia.	Chest pain
Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable.	No Indexing	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease	Chest pain.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is present.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / left ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / left	No evidence of active disease.	Bone marrow transplant XXXX evaluation.
Finding data is null	normal	Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease. Unchanged.	CP/COPD no known XXXX. mid-XXXX chest pain with inspiration X 3 weeks ago. pt states "pain XXXX for a few days not XXXX and on". no prev. inj/XXXX. nonsmoker. no XXXX of pregnancy, shielded.
Low lung volumes bilaterally, with lungs otherwise grossly clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormalities identified.	Lung / bilateral / hypoinflation	Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with shortness of breath..
Finding data is null	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / moderate ; Calcinosis / aorta / mild ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum ; Opacity / lung / lingula ; Markings / lung / interstitial / irregular / chronic	Apical lordotic frontal projection. Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with fullness of the left atrial appendage and XXXX pulmonary outflow. Mild aortic calcifications. Hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. XXXX opacities in the lingula may be compatible scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female, dizziness, short of breath
Finding data is null	Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae	XXXX change. No active cardiopulmonary disease. Thoracolumbar scoliosis.	XXXXyo AAM with XXXX and history of asthma with XXXX for six weeks, immunosuppre
Heart size is normal. No focal consolidations. There are degenerative changes throughout the midlower thoracic spine. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with weakness.
Midline sternotomy XXXX identified. Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly normal. Airspace opacity in posterior segment on the lateral view. Osseous structures are grossly intact.	Opacity / posterior	Posterior airspace opacity consistent with developing infection.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / hilum / right	Ill-defined opacity projects in right suprahilar region on PA view,, which XXXX corresponds with anterior chest wall mass seen on XXXX scan from XXXX, XXXX. Lungs per XXXX appear well expanded and clear. No pleural effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour.	LYMPHOMA BMT W/U;
Mildly hyperinflated lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. No pneumothorax.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Diaphragm / posterior / flattened	Mildly hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX distress
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture. Bilateral nipple jewelry.	Foreign Bodies / breast / bilateral	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male. XXXX vehicle accident.
No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male, preoperative
Three images submitted. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Syncopal episode
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. XXXX and curvilinear XXXX densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings.	Density / breast ; Foreign Bodies / breast	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX and headache.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	pt with ? h/o COPD/XXXX smoking, r/o infiltrate/mass
Study is somewhat limited by body habitus. Cardiomegaly is noted, with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or definite effusion identified. No acute bony abnormality seen.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Markings / lung / interstitial	Cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, concerning for interstitial pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old woman with XXXX.
Finding data is null	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / bilateral ; Implanted Medical Device ; Cardiomegaly ; Spine / degenerative	There are low lung volumes with central vascular congestion and lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis. Compared to XXXX, there is a stable appearing defibrillator and cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the XXXX and spine.	XXXX.
Normal cardiac contour. Stable calcified granuloma left upper lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Clear lungs bilaterally.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart upper limits normal. Lungs are clear. No effusions. No nodules masses or infiltrates. No bony abnormalities.	XXXX x1 XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. A calcified granuloma is identified in the peripheral aspect of the left lower lobe. Calcified lymph XXXX are identified in left hilar region. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with a history of altered mental status.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	Negative chest x-XXXX.	Chest pain
Finding data is null	normal	No active disease.	chest pain
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with productive XXXX.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute preoperative findings.	Preop bariatric surgery
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Unavailable
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. There is interstitial prominence and is basilar patchy air space opacity. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.	Medical Device ; Lung / interstitial / prominent ; Opacity / lung / base / patchy ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / patchy	Nonspecific interstitial prominence and basilar patchy airspace disease. Maybe due to pulmonary fibrosis, scarring and/or atelectasis. Comparison with outside previous films may be useful.	Dyspnea.
There has been interval CABG. Sternotomy and XXXX cerclage XXXX appear intact. No focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable, mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. Visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic	1. Clear lungs. No acute chest findings. 2. Peripheral vascular disease.	XXXX-year-old male, history of laryngeal carcinoma, surveillance
Normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No active/acute cardiopulmonary disease.	normal	Normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No active/acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	normal	Negative.	XXXX-year-old female. Dyspnea.
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Atelectasis / upper lobe / left ; Infiltrate / lung / hilum / left ; Catheters, Indwelling ; Pneumothorax / upper lobe / left / small	Heart size is normal. Left upper lobe atelectasis / infiltrate in the left perihilar region, unchanged. Two venous catheter tips overlie the mid SVC. Small medial left upper lobe pleural air collection.	History of pleural air collection after chest tube removal
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Multilevel thoracic spondylosis is again demonstrated..	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	Negative chest x-XXXX.	XXXX.
Two-view chest. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Right foot. Hindfoot, midfoot, forefoot XXXX are intact with no fractures or bone destruction.	normal	1. Chest. No active disease. 2. Right foot. Negative.	hx of smoking, not feeling well ; right foot XXXX.
The lungs are hyperexpanded. There is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung, XXXX large emphysematous XXXX. There are XXXX biapical opacities, XXXX scarring. No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Normal heart size. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Lucency / lung / upper lobe / right / round / large ; Pulmonary Emphysema / severe ; Opacity / lung / apex / bilateral ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral ; Spine / degenerative / mild	Emphysema. Large right upper lobe XXXX. Biapical scarring.	XXXX-year-old male with history of renal mass
Borderline cardiac enlargement. Enlarged calcified thoracic aorta. Emphysema. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Mild spondylosis.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic ; Aorta, Thoracic / enlarged ; Emphysema ; Spondylosis / mild	Emphysema. No acute pulmonary findings.	XXXX
Finding data is null	Diaphragm / bilateral / elevated ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Spondylosis / mild	Elevated diaphragms with atelectasis in the bases. Normal heart size. Mild spondylosis.	Mid chest pain, XXXX
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / abdomen / left / severe	[&lt;The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.&gt;] Extensive left upper quadrant splenic calcification may reflect old granulomatous disease	XXXX-year-old with syncope. Medical XXXX.
The trachea is midline. The heart size is normal. XXXX opacities are seen in the left lower lobe and left costodiaphragmatic XXXX, which could represent scarring or atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / left ; Opacity / costophrenic angle / left	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain, weakness, blurry vision. The patient has a history of cardiac bypass and stent placement.
Normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Atherosclerotic calcifications identified within the aortic XXXX. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Flowing thoracic spine osteophytes noted.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	1. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease.	syncope
Finding data is null	normal	No active disease.	chest pain
Interval resolution of the left pleural effusion. Lungs are grossly clear. Postsurgical changes from CABG are noted. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities are visualized.	No Indexing	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chronic XXXX, history pleural effusion, COPD.
Cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. There is evidence of healed granulomatous disease in the right hemithorax. Lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Granulomatous Disease / thorax / right / healed	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. There is no obvious lytic or destructive lesion. No displaced rib fracture is evident.	normal	No acute disease.	Right sided rib pain. Rule out infiltrate
Heart is mildly enlarged stable. Mediastinal contour is normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Lung / hyperdistention	1. Stable mild cardiomegaly. 2. Hyperexpanded but clear lungs.	Shortness of breath
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Congestion ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial / diffuse ; Cardiomegaly ; Lung / hypoinflation	1. Vascular congestion and diffuse interstitial edema 2. Stable cardiomegaly 3. Low lung volumes	Shortness of breath
The heart size is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No displaced rib fractures.	normal	No acute findings.	XXXX-year-old female status post assault.
Heart size is upper limits of normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female with shortness of breath.
Stable obscuration of the left cardiac XXXX, XXXX representing left pleural thickening. Stable nodular opacity within the left midlung. The lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. XXXX are unremarkable.	Heart / left / obscured ; Thickening / pleura / left ; Opacity / lung / lingula / round	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. No evidence of tuberculosis.	Evaluate for tuberculosis, starting immunosuppressive medication for rheumatoid arthritis
There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. The right upper extremity PICC tip is in the upper SVC. Surgical clips in the right upper abdomen.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old with allogenic bone marrow transplant workup.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No change in the small calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. Heart and mediastinum normal.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right / small	No active disease.	dyspnea
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female chest pain.
Heart size mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female, axillary lymphadenopathy
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Calcinosis / aorta	Slightly enlarged heart. No effusions. No edema. No nodules or masses. Aortic XXXX calcification. Aortic XXXX is normal size. Lungs are clear.	bone marrow transplant. No complaints currently
The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pulmonary nodules are identified.	normal	No acute process. No definite pulmonary nodules are seen. If clinically indicated, further evaluation with CT of the thorax can be performed to identify a small nodule. Correlation with prior radiographs would be helpful to identify the location of the previously described nodule.	History of nodule
Finding data is null	normal	Chest. Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Right knee. Severe joint space narrowing and spurring lateral compartment of the knee and patellofemoral compartment.	XXXX. Knee arthritis.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with left shoulder pain.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	Passed out last XXXX. Dizziness.
The lungs appear clear. Scattered calcified granulomas are stable as are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. Pleural spaces are clear.	Calcified Granuloma / scattered ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	V42.7 LIVER REPLACED BY TRANSP
Finding data is null	Markings / lung / interstitial / scattered / irregular / chronic ; Markings / bronchovascular / mild ; Density / lung / lingula	Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. XXXX densities in the lingula may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis, scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX
The heart is upper limits of normal in size. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain.
No change lung XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the right lower lobe. No focal infiltrates. Heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. Aorta normal.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right / focal	Findings of COPD with right lung base focal atelectasis. No evidence for failure or pneumonia.	back pain
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain, productive XXXX
Finding data is null	normal	Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of metastasis. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease.	PRE-OP pre op bladder XXXX. non XXXX. no chest complaints.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified lymph XXXX are present. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Calcinosis / lymph nodes ; Spine / degenerative	No evidence of active disease.	chest pain
The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax unremarkable.	normal	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute preoperative findings.	Preop bariatric surgery
Intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX. Stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. Unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph XXXX and left basilar calcified granuloma. Relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. The negative for pneumothorax, focal infiltrate, or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.	Cardiomegaly ; Shift / mediastinum / right ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left ; Markings / lung / interstitial / prominent ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / patchy ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / prominent	1. Stable cardiomegaly with right mediastinal shift. 2. Stable interstitial markings and prominent bibasilar airspace opacities which XXXX represent atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old female with increased XXXX.
Heart and mediastinum are at the upper limits of normal size. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. There is no acute, displaced rib fracture. Bony structures are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old woman with syncopal episode.
Patient is rotated. Mild cardiomegaly. Low lung volumes with elevated hemidiaphragms, greater on the right. This is identified on a thoracic XXXX study from XXXX as well. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. No focal infiltrate.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Diaphragm / bilateral / elevated	Cardiomegaly with elevated right hemidiaphragms and no acute findings.	DYSPNEA; Shortness of breath for 4 weeks. Bilateral leg XXXX for one XXXX. Patient on 2 liters of oxygen at home.
Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal contours. Increased interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases, right greater than left. XXXX opacity on the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous exam suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. No definite pleural effusion seen.	Cardiomegaly ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Opacity / lung / interstitial ; Markings / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial ; Markings / lung / middle lobe / bilateral / interstitial	Cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities which may be compatible with mild pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infection, inflammation, aspiration	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain
The heart size is stable. The aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are again noted. The scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior exam. There are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. The calcified granulomas are stable.	Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Cicatrix / lung / lower lobe / left ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial / prominent / mild ; Pulmonary Emphysema ; Calcified Granuloma	1. Changes of emphysema and left lower lobe scarring, both stable. 2. Unchanged degenerative and atherosclerotic changes of the thoracic aorta.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
Finding data is null	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Lung / hypoinflation	Exam is technically limited by patient's body habitus. Lung volumes are decreased. No evidence of acute airspace disease, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is stable.	XXXX. Status post right total knee arthroplasty
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Adipose Tissue / right	Minimal cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. Fat seen within the XXXX fissure on the right.	preop for left hip revision XXXX.
No focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. Heart size normal limits. Cholecystectomy clips.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old female, parotid gland disease, recurrent pneumonias.
Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.	Lung / hypoinflation	XXXX change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain.
Normal cardiac contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Clear left lung XXXX. Right middle lobe with increased opacities, XXXX representative of infiltrate.	Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right ; Infiltrate / lung / middle lobe / right	1. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 2. Right middle lobe infiltrate.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Heart size is mildly enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Lungs are normally inflated and clear. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta / tortuous ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	Chronic changes without acute process	Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX, headaches and difficulty breathing
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Cervical cancer
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma are noted. A few XXXX opacities are present consistent with XXXX XXXX of scarring or atelectasis.	Calcified Granuloma ; Opacity / lung / base ; Cicatrix ; Pulmonary Atelectasis	1. A few basilar XXXX of opacity. This may represent scarring or atelectasis.	XXXX, XXXX.
There is a calcified left upper lobe granuloma. No XXXX suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes ; Granulomatous Disease ; Spine / degenerative / mild ; Nodule / thorax / multiple / small	No XXXX suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule identified. However, given the presence of small nodules on the XXXX chest CT scan and patient history of prostate cancer, recommend further evaluation with XXXX scan (unless already recently performed).	XXXX-year-old with COPD, pulmonary nodule. Recent diagnosis of prostate cancer.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	chest pain
The heart is enlarged. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are noted within the spine.	Cardiomegaly ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Spine / degenerative / chronic	1. Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with history of heart attack
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	Chest pain dyspnea on exertion
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / mitral valve ; Density / mitral valve ; Aorta / tortuous ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left	Heart size within normal limits. Dense mitral annular calcification. Tortuous and ectatic, atherosclerotic aorta. No edema. Lungs mildly hyperinflated. There is left basilar scarring. No XXXX consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Short of breath, left shoulder pain
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Mild cardiomegaly. Cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. Bony structures appear intact.	Cardiomegaly / mild	Mild cardiomegaly.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain
No gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. No pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX XXXX is intact.	normal	1. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings.	INDICATION data is null
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX.
Bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral	Bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. These findings are concerning for pneumonia.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain and XXXX.
Heart size is enlarged. The aorta is unfolded. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is normal. There are streaky bibasilar opacities. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Cardiomegaly ; Aorta / tortuous ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky ; Infiltrate / lung / base / bilateral / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild	Cardiomegaly with mild bibasilar infiltrates versus atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old female with history of seizure.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Granulomatous Disease ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute findings.	XXXX XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. There is redemonstration of complete opacification of the right middle lobe no significant associated volume loss. The left lung appears clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. The thoracic spine appears intact.	Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right / severe ; Consolidation / lung / middle lobe / right ; Pneumonia / middle lobe / right	1. Stable right middle lobe consolidation, most consistent with pneumonia.	XXXX-year-old female with a history of pneumonia presents for followup.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female with dizziness.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Soft tissues unremarkable	normal	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The cardiac contours are normal. Calcified tortuous thoracic aorta. Emphysema. Mild apical scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Emphysema ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / mild ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	XXXX
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal. There are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. No evidence of pneumonia or post primary tuberculosis infection 2. No acute cardiopulmonary disease	XXXX SWEATS
Heart size is normal. The aorta is tortuous, and cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. The pulmonary vascularity is normal. There residual to prior granulomatous infection. Lungs are otherwise clear. Degenerative change of the spine.	Aorta / tortuous ; Granulomatous Disease ; Spine / degenerative	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Tortuous aorta, cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm.	Preop right knee total knee replacement
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is surgical clips projected over the left lung apex, as well as, over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.	Surgical Instruments / lung / apex / left ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain.
Normal heart size. Aortic calcification. Granulomatous nodule left midlung, stable. No acute pulmonary abnormalities. Thoracic spondylosis.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Granuloma / lung / lingula ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Nodule / lung / lingula	No acute pulmonary findings.	XXXX loss, tobacco history
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	diminished breath sounds throughout
Chest. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. Mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Right knee. There has been prior ligamentous repair. There is tricompartmental joint space narrowing and marginal osteophyte formation which is severe in the medial compartment. No knee joint effusion. No fractures or dislocations.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. Chest. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Right knee. Stable advanced degenerative changes, most severe in the medial compartment.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX, and preoperative evaluation for right total knee replacement.
Patchy airspace disease is present in the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe. There is severe underlying emphysema. The aorta is calcified. There is spondylosis.	Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / right / patchy ; Pulmonary Emphysema / severe ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Spondylosis ; Pneumonia / lower lobe / right	Patchy airspace disease on the lateral view, probably within the right lower lobe, XXXX a pneumonia superimposed on XXXX severe underlying emphysema. Recommend following this process to resolution.	Confusion
Heart size appears upper limits of normal. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise normal mediastinum. Confluent and XXXX opacities seen within the left base. There are no visible nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Aorta / tortuous ; Opacity / lung / base / left / multiple ; Infiltrate / lung / base / left / interstitial ; Infiltrate / lung / base / pulmonary alveoli / left	1. Left basilar mixed interstitial and alveolar infiltrate. Interval followup to resolution is recommended.	XXXX-year-old male with history of XXXX.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. XXXX sternotomy changes are again noted. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. There is no pleural effusion.	No Indexing	No acute disease.	LYMPHOMA BMT W/U LAB;
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Artery / prominent / mild ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right	Heart size is within normal limits. Mild prominence pulmonary outflow tract otherwise pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. No edema. No lobar consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Cholecystectomy clips are seen in the right upper abdomen.	Chest pain, congestion XXXX-year-old female
No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size is normal. No acute focal space opacities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea
There is marked cardiomegaly. There is questionable dilation of the pulmonary arteries. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Prominent interstitial markings are XXXX due to low lung volumes. Elevated right hemidiaphragm.	Cardiomegaly / severe ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / lung / interstitial / prominent ; Diaphragm / right / elevated	1. Marked cardiomegaly. 2. Low lung volumes.	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Biapical fibronodular thickening/scarring. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	Thickening / pleura / apex / bilateral / round ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral / round ; Nodule / lung / apex / bilateral / round ; Lung / hyperdistention	Hyperexpanded lungs. Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male. Bilateral arm pain.
Changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	Bone Diseases, Metabolic	1. No evidence of active disease.	Kidney transplant evaluation.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	PAIN RT SCAPULAR AREA AND BELOW BREASTS
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	Chest pain.
Mild cardiomegaly. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is thoracic kyphosis. There is XXXX deformity of T12 and L1, unchanged XXXX abdomen XXXX, XXXX. Aortic calcifications are noted. Fracture of right proximal humerus, incompletely evaluated.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae ; Deformity / lumbar vertebrae ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Fractures, Bone / humerus / right	1. No acute abnormality of the chest. 2. XXXX deformities of T12 and L1, unchanged XXXX abdomen XXXX, XXXX abdomen XXXX, XXXX. 3. Fracture of right proximal humerus, incompletely evaluated. .	XXXX-year-old woman with decreased breath sounds.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Dizziness and shortness of breath. Lightheadedness.
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae ; Fractures, Bone / thoracic vertebrae	Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX unchanged. Old XXXX fracture deformity of approximately T6.	History of adenopathy in the XXXX
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.	normal	Heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs.	chest pain
Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal in size and contour. Right lung is clear. Stable blunting of costophrenic XXXX with improved aeration of the left base compared to prior exam. No visualized pneumothorax or focal consolidation. XXXX unremarkable.	Costophrenic Angle / left / blunted	Stable blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX which may represent persistent left pleural effusion versus pleural scarring.	XXXX-year-old male, left pleural effusion with compressive atelectasis.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is bibasal interstitial opacity and left basal platelike opacity XXXX due to discoid atelectasis and/or XXXX scarring. There are emphysematous changes, particularly within the right upper lobe. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Emphysema ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Pulmonary Fibrosis / base	1. COPD. Basilar probable pulmonary fibrosis and scarring. 2. No acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified.	Abdominal pain and distention.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Multilevel degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine. XXXX anchors XXXX over the left humeral head. There is mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis. Visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable in appearance.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple ; Arthritis / shoulder / bilateral / mild	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Passed out XXXX XXXX.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Syncope, anorexia.
Negative for cardiac enlargement or vascular congestion. Minimal subsegmental atelectasis at the left base otherwise negative for focal confluent airspace disease. The visualized bony structures are intact. There are minimal degenerative disc changes of the mid/lower thoracic spine. No pneumothorax.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary process.	This is a XXXX-year-old woman with midsternal chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified.	normal	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with left posterior rib pain.
Right subclavian catheter, distal tip posterior to the head of the clavicle, the level of the subclavian vein. Low lung volumes. No pleural effusion. Left lower lobe airspace disease, XXXX atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / left	1. Right subclavian catheter, distal tip in the region of the subclavian vein at the level of clavicular head. 2. Low lung volumes, with left lower lung atelectasis. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male admitted for ureteral calculi, renal calculi. Examination to assess line position..
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta identified. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute disease.	Previous XXXX,shortness of breath x2 months
Normal heart size mediastinal contours. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Diaphragmatic Eventration / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, COPD, XXXX, XXXX.
Stable appearance of hiatal hernia. Clear right lung XXXX.In the left superior lower lobe there is a 1.9 x 1.8 cm round area of density which has increased in size compared to prior chest radiograph and recommend a XXXX chest, abdomen and pelvis with contrast as this area is suspicious for potential malignancy. Normal cardiac contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Hernia, Hiatal ; Density / lung / lower lobe / left / round ; Mass / lung / lower lobe / left / round	1. Round area of density measuring 1.9 x 1.8 cm in left superior lower lobe with interval increased size compared to prior imaging. Recommend XXXX chest, abdomen and pelvis with contrast for further evaluation. Dr. XXXX XXXX notified by the Veriphy critical result notification XXXX of the left pulmonary mass and recommended followup XXXX chest, abdomen and pelvis with contrast at XXXX XXXX/XXXX.	XXXX-year-old male for preop evaluation.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. First rib fracture not well demonstrated on XXXX study..	Fractures, Bone / ribs / healed	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	MVA on the 14th
Dual-XXXX cardiac pacemaker is in stable, XXXX position. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. There is a prominent epicardial fat XXXX. Heart size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is stable tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. There is mild, smooth apical pleural thickening bilaterally. There are no acute bony findings.	Implanted Medical Device ; Epicardial Fat / prominent ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Thickening / pleura / apex / bilateral / mild	Dual-XXXX cardiac pacemaker in stable, XXXX position. No evidence of acute complication.	Post pacemaker placement.
Heart size within normal limits. Prominent right perihilar density consistent with lymphadenopathy, previously partially demonstrated XXXX abdomen and pelvis XXXX, XXXX. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. TIPS noted.	Density / lung / hilum / right / prominent ; Lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right / prominent ; Stents	1. No acute abnormality of the chest. 2. Right hilar prominence, corresponding to lymphadenopathy partially demonstrated XXXX abdomen and pelvis XXXX, XXXX. Consider XXXX of the chest for further evaluation. .	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX
The heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	chest pain
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Multilevel flowing anterior thoracic spine osteophytes, which could represent changes of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH).	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / anterior / multiple	There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	Preoperative evaluation
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	Negative chest x-XXXX.	Chronic XXXX
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention / mild	Slightly hyperinflated appearing but clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	XXXX
No there is an dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	INDICATION data is null
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female with right-sided neck mass.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Calcinosis / aorta / severe ; Pulmonary Artery / enlarged ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Pleural Effusion / right / small ; Pleural Effusion / left	Mild cardiomegaly. Densely calcified aorta. Prominence of the pulmonary outflow and XXXX most XXXX indicates enlarged pulmonary arteries and raise concern for pulmonary artery hypertension. There is no overt edema. The right diaphragm is elevated, there are small right and XXXX left pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.	Possible XXXX. Syncope.
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidations. The osseous structures are intact. Calcification in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen XXXX consistent with gallstone.	Calcinosis / abdomen / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX, congestion and shortness of breath.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	dyspnea/XXXX
Two nodules are noted in the right XXXX XXXX measuring 13 mm and one measuring 16 mm in diameter. The smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large XXXX appears to be within the left lower lobe. No focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified. However, if a full evaluation for lung nodules is desired consider XXXX for further evaluation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	Nodule / lung / upper lobe / right ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / left	At XXXX 2 right lung pulmonary nodules concerning for<BR>metastatic disease	History of testicular cancer status post bone marrow transplant
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / abdomen / right / round ; Diaphragm / right / elevated / mild ; Lung / base / right / hypoinflation / mild	There is a near spherical XXXX shaped calcification projecting over the right upper quadrant, apparently within the anterior-superior aspect of liver, measuring approximately 6 cm in diameter. This may represent a calcified hepatic cyst. Could be further evaluated with CT if clinically indicated. Slight elevation of right hemidiaphragm with some mild right basilar hypoventilation. Overall clear lungs. Normal mediastinal contour. No effusions.	Kidney transplant evaluation
Heart size is mildly enlarged. There are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial / diffuse	Findings concerning for interstitial edema or infection.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea.
Normal heart size. Stable position of 2 pacemaker electrodes, with a XXXX tip in the expected region of the right atrium and another XXXX tip in the expected region of the right ventricle. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. XXXX are unremarkable.	Implanted Medical Device	There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	COPD
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	Preop evaluation
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are several age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures noted. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node. There basilar calcified granulomas. There minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / multiple ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / multiple ; Spine / degenerative / mild	Multiple age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain.
The lungs are clear. There is hyperinflation of the lungs. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	COPD. No acute pulmonary disease.	Right arm pain since this XXXX.
Finding data is null	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	Lungs clear. Heart size normal. Flowing syndesmophytes in the thoracic spine, XXXX DISH.	heart murmur?
Three images are available for review. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male with history of renal cancer.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Aortic calcifications and tortuosity. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Aorta / tortuous ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Right-sided chest pain after XXXX
The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. XXXX density in the left lung base XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring. The heart and XXXX very XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Surgical clips are identified in the left axilla. There is lucency involving the lateral aspect of the left clavicle. Metastatic disease cannot be excluded.	Density / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Surgical Instruments / left ; Lucency / clavicle / left	1.Lucency in the left lateral clavicle near the acromioclavicular joint. Metastatic disease is possible. 2. Clear lungs	melanoma dx XXXX. No chest complaints.
Surgical XXXX at the distal left clavicle. No acute osseous abnormality. Soft tissue structures are within normal limits. Stable normal cardio mediastinal silhouettes and hilar structures. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. .	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain
Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms, consistent with emphysema. There is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions. No pneumothorax or effusions. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting XXXX represents pleural thickening and scarring. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Pulmonary Emphysema ; Opacity / lung / lingula / streaky ; Opacity / lung / hilum / left / streaky ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted / mild ; Thickening / pleura / bilateral ; Cicatrix / pleura / bilateral ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Pulmonary Atelectasis	Emphysematous changes with streaky opacities in the left perihilar and lingular regions, XXXX focal atelectasis and scarring.	XXXX-year-old male with worsening dyspnea over 2 months.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with ectasia of the aorta. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Aorta / tortuous ; Spine / degenerative	Stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality.	CP
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures.	normal	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female chest pain.
Lungs are hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size normal.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	XXXX change COPD. No acute findings.	in a long XXXX XXXX
In the interval, the heart size has become normal. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. Lungs are clear and expanded.	normal	Resolution of cardiomegaly. No active disease.	INDICATION data is null
Stable cardiomegaly. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX calcific density in the left mid to upper lung XXXX represents old granulomatous disease. No focal consolidation. Stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis.	Cardiomegaly ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left ; Granulomatous Disease ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / left / moderate ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / right / mild ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / mild	1. Stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease. 2. Stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. .	XXXX-year-old female with pulmonary regurgitation.
The heart size of the limits of normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There is a calcified granuloma right midlung and posterior costophrenic sulcus.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right ; Calcified Granuloma / costophrenic angle / posterior	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Altered mental status
Normal heart size. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious airspace opacity. Mild levoscoliosis of the lumbar spine.	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / left / mild	No acute abnormality seen.	Hypertension.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lung volumes are low. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Lung / hypoinflation	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Dyspnea.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis	No acute pulmonary disease.	Preop knee surgery
No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace opacities. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The trachea is midline. No free subdiaphragmatic air. The included osseous structures are grossly intact.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is an old healed fracture through the right 8th rib.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / right / healed	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Pain.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Patchy airspace opacities in the left lower lobe, compatible with infiltrate. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / left / patchy ; Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / left	Left lower lobe infiltrate.	XXXX.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Shortness of breath.
Low lung volumes. Normal heart size. The trachea is midline. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with shortness of breath hypoxia.
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size and cardia mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. No large effusions.	No Indexing	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old chest pain.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	INDICATION: EVALUATE FOR metastatic DISEASE;
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes in the spine.	Spine / degenerative	Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	INDICATION data is null
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable small right basilar calcified granuloma. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right / small	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with dyspnea and XXXX x3 days, history of asthma.
There is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior examination. Stable atelectatic/fibrotic changes of the visualized lung, and stable left-sided calcified granuloma. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable.	Lung / base / bilateral / obscured ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis ; Pulmonary Fibrosis ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / left ; Infiltrate / lung / base / bilateral ; Pleural Effusion / base / bilateral	Obscuration of the bilateral lung bases, XXXX combination of atelectasis, infiltrate, effusions.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX, pulmonary hypertension, dementia.
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest.	,786.50 chest pain cxr
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old XXXX, XXXX, shortness of breath
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. In the left midlung zone there is identified a 1.5 cm nodule. This appears somewhat dense and may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty.	Nodule / lung / lingula	1.5 cm nodule in the left midlung zone. May contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty. Comparison to old films, if available would be useful to determine chronicity and stability. If old films are not available, XXXX scan could be XXXX to evaluate for the presence of calcium.	Melanoma, exam for metastatic disease
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Implanted Medical Device / aortic valve ; Implanted Medical Device ; Osteoporosis ; Spine / degenerative / mild	The lungs are hyperinflated compatible with COPD. Heart size is stable with elongation and atherosclerotic changes in the thoracic aorta. A prosthetic aortic valve is noted. XXXX pleural reaction on the right cannot be excluded. There is no evidence of acute infiltrate or pneumothorax. Dual-XXXX pacemaker is present with leads in stable position. Osteoporosis and mild degenerative changes of the XXXX spine are noted with no evidence of XXXX fracture.	Shortness of breath. Lower back pain
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Innumerable bilateral lung nodules are present. These are seen diffusely throughout both lungs. No superimposed focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Scoliosis is present.	Nodule / lung / bilateral / diffuse / multiple / small ; Scoliosis	1. Continued innumerable bilateral small lung nodules. No change.	Lung cancer.
There's been interval enlargement in the cardiac silhouette. These XXXX't contours are within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Cardiomegaly	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. 2. Interval development of cardiomegaly.	Heart flutter
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with hepatic encephalopathy and XXXX of abdomen.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Vascular calcification is noted. No adenopathy is seen.	Calcinosis / blood vessels	1. No evidence of active disease.	Lymphadenopathy.
Finding data is null	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right	Heart size is normal. Mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine.	Shortness of breath.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. A total of 3 images were obtained. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. There is XXXX XXXX atelectasis. No consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified right infrahilar lymph XXXX again seen. Partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion XXXX.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right ; Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae ; Pulmonary Atelectasis	Lung lines without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain and shortness of breath x1 hour.
The heart and mediastinum are normal. The lungs are clear. There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX. There is no infiltrate, mass or pneumothorax. The right internal jugular catheter has been removed.	Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted / mild	Mild blunted right costophrenic XXXX which could be due to XXXX effusion or scarring.	Status post transplant for end-stage renal disease
Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures are unremarkable. Stable increased lung volumes consistent with chronic lung disease. No XXXX infiltrates noted.	Lung / hyperdistention	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease	Productive XXXX, history of COPD
Finding data is null	Markings / lung / base / interstitial / prominent / mild	Slightly prominent basilar interstitial markings may be related to stigmata of chronic liver disease. No acute airspace consolidation or effusions. Mediastinal contour within normal limits for patient's age. No suspicious appearing lung nodules are identified.	Hep C,hepatocellular cancer
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Lungs are hyperexpanded without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine..	Lung / hyperdistention ; Spine / degenerative	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain
Finding data is null	Lung / hypoinflation ; Nodule / lung / base / left / reticular ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right ; Pulmonary Fibrosis / upper lobe / right	Stable appearing chest with low lung volumes. Reticulonodular changes in left lung base and periphery of left lung most XXXX representing chronic inflammatory change. Also some peripheral XXXX fibrotic appearing opacity in the periphery the right upper lobe, grossly stable. No XXXX acute airspace consolidation. Stable mediastinal contour.	pa/lat cxr,490 BRONCHITIS UNSPECIFIED
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic XXXX. Calcified granuloma in the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative disc disease the thoracic spine. Coronary artery stent.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right / anterior ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Stents / coronary vessels	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain
There are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. There is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring 1.2 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs. This may be artifact. Chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. There are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph XXXX. The pleural spaces are clear.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right ; Calcinosis / trachea, carina / lymph nodes	Nodular density noted on recent PA chest radiograph XXXX represents an artifact. No nodules noted within the lungs on a recent outside XXXX from XXXX.	,724.5
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	Negative chest x-XXXX.	XXXX.
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	vocal cord paralysis.
Finding data is null	Sclerosis / thoracic vertebrae / mild ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / degenerative	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. No adenopathy or effusion. Stable slightly sclerotic posterior inferior XXXX of one of the midthoracic vertebral bodies, seen on the lateral radiograph only. This most XXXX represents overlying degenerative spurring XXXX than metastasis.	History of prostate cancer rule out metastasis
Finding data is null	normal	heart size is normal, lungs are clear. No nodular masses. CT scan is more sensitive in detecting small nodules.	asthma. Cigarette smoking
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with shortness of breath.
The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are low lung volumes. There is no focal consolidation. There is pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is prominent right anterior first rib end.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pneumothorax ; Ribs / right / anterior / prominent	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Pneumonia.
Stable cardiomediastinal contour is mild cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or significant pulmonary edema. Small left pleural effusion. No focal lung consolidation. Mildly low lung volumes.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Pleural Effusion / left / small ; Lung / hypoinflation / mild	1. Small left pleural effusion. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly.	XXXX
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX to be grossly intact.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
Stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. Increased interstitial lung markings are seen, possibly due to volume overload. There is improved aeration of the lung bases with small residual left basilar effusion. No XXXX focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Stable tunneled dialysis catheter. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	Cardiomegaly ; Markings / lung / interstitial / prominent ; Pleural Effusion / base / left / small ; Catheters, Indwelling	Stable cardiomegaly. Improved aeration of lung bases with persistent left basilar effusion. Prominent interstitium, possibly due to mild volume overload. .	XXXX-year-old female with history of leukocytosis.
Heart size mildly to moderately enlarged. Mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with mild bronchovascular crowding, right greater than left, indistinct vascular margination. No definite focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion XXXX demonstrated.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Diaphragm / right / elevated / mild ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Markings / bilateral / bronchovascular / mild	1. Cardiomegaly 2. Indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to bronchovascular crowding however differential diagnosis includes mild pulmonary edema, atypical infection, inflammation	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Neck pain
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. Elevated right diaphragm. The lungs are clear. XXXX degenerative spondylosis. There appears to be a mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle.	Granulomatous Disease ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Spondylosis / degenerative ; Fractures, Bone / clavicle / right / mild	Mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle. No acute pulmonary findings.	Kicked by XXXX.
Low lung volumes bilaterally. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	Lung / bilateral / hypoinflation	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX and weakness..
Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX noted.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right	No acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is ill-defined airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe. There is focal opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar and/or granulomatous calcification. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / left / posterior ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / focal ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / left / patchy	1. Patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, concerning for pneumonia. 2. Right upper lobe opacity, favoring scarring and/or granulomas. .	XXXX, XXXX, XXXX.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain..
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable.	normal	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old with XXXX and congestion.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	INDICATION data is null
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Chest pain.
Normal heart size. Diffuse bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Heart is not enlarged. XXXX are unremarkable.	Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial / diffuse / reticular / round / severe	Compared to XXXX, there are XXXX extensive bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities, concerning for atypical infection. Result notification XXXX Primordial. .	XXXX, history of renal transplant
The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There are calcifications in the aortic XXXX. There is a calcified granuloma at the left lower lung. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with dyspnea.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old midchest pain for 2 days.
Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No visible pneumothorax . XXXX right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic XXXX. There is a XXXX XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. There is XXXX alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. Multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine.	Cardiomegaly ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / pulmonary alveoli / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Pleural Effusion / right ; Costophrenic Angle / right / posterior / blunted ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple ; Lumbar Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple	1. Cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. XXXX right medial basilar airspace disease. 3. Left lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis.	MVC, leukocytosis, productive XXXX.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Right pleural effusion is present and appears increased. No pneumothorax is identified. Some scattered XXXX of right base atelectasis are seen. Surgical XXXX remain in XXXX. The left lung appears clear.	Pleural Effusion / right / small ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right / scattered ; Surgical Instruments	1. Small right pleural effusion. Increased. 2. No pneumothorax is seen. 3. Scattered XXXX of right base atelectasis.	Esophageal carcinoma.
No acute osseous abnormality. Degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Soft tissue structures are within normal limits. There is stable enlargement of the heart. Stable prominent mediastinal contours. Central vascular congestion. Mildly low lung volumes bilaterally. Bibasilar and left perihilar airspace opacities. XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Cardiomegaly ; Mediastinum / prominent ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Lung / bilateral / hypoinflation / mild ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Opacity / lung / hilum / left ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral ; Airspace Disease / lung / bilateral	1. Bilateral airspace disease. 2. Stable enlarged heart and prominent mediastinal contours.	XXXX-year-old woman with tachycardia
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX.
Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.	Lung / hypoinflation	Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.	chest pain
Lungs remain clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	Productive XXXX.
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. No focal lung consolidation.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Upper XXXX infection symptoms
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Chest pain x2 days. Vomiting.
No acute osseous abnormality. Soft tissues are within normal limits. Borderline enlargement of the heart. Normal hilar vasculature. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly / borderline	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	XXXX and XXXX.
Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. No lymphadenopathy.	normal	Unremarkable examination.	XXXX-year-old XXXX, uveitis.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	chest pain
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with pain and shortness of breath. Low energy.
Finding data is null	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Nodule / lung / upper lobe / left ; Calcinosis / lung / upper lobe / left ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left ; Pleural Effusion / left / small	Exam limited by body habitus. Grossly similar appearance of the heart and mediastinum. Left upper lung nodule appears calcified and XXXX reflects granuloma. There is a small left pleural effusion, no definite right-sided pleural effusion and no visible pneumothorax. No focal consolidations.	Several XXXX.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / lung / scattered / multiple ; Granulomatous Disease ; Thickening / pleura / left ; Cicatrix / pleura / left	Heart size is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal silhouette appears stable with coarsely calcified and tortuous aorta. There is no edema. Scattered lung calcifications from old granulomatous disease. No XXXX consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Stable left lateral pleural thickening or scarring.	Chest pain and leg edema. Hypotension.
Cardiac And Mediastinal Contours Are Unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable. There are some minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Evidence of chronic granulomatous disease.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Granulomatous Disease / chronic	1. Clear lungs.	XXXX-year-old female with a XXXX.
The heart is not enlarged. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion.	normal	No acute abnormality.	INDICATION data is null
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old with chest pain.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	pt c/o cp
Heart size is normal. Prior calcified granulomatous disease. On the lateral view in the anterior costophrenic XXXX, there is a 2.1 x 2 cm nodular density which seems to be present previously but is more nodular in appearance on this examination. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Endplate degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine and mild scoliosis are unchanged.	Granulomatous Disease ; Density / costophrenic angle / anterior / round ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Lumbar Vertebrae / degenerative ; Scoliosis / mild	2.1 cm nodular density in the anterior costophrenic XXXX on the lateral view, which could represent overlapping shadows or actual pulmonary nodule. Recommend followup with chest CT.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX. Screening exam.
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum.There is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.	Surgical Instruments / mediastinum ; Density / retrocardiac ; Hernia, Hiatal ; Lung / hypoinflation / mild	1. Mild hypoinflation without acute disease. 2. Retrocardiac density compatible with hiatal hernia.	Breast cancer
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	normal	Clear lungs.	STAB
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest.	hemoptysis
Heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX year old, XXXX XXXX one month.
Cardiomegaly is noted. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. There is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification.	Cardiomegaly ; Lung / hilum / prominent ; Opacity / lung / interstitial ; Opacity / lung / hilum / prominent	Stable cardiomegaly with prominent perihilar opacities which may represent scarring or edema.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX and chest pain
Redemonstration of azygos lobe. Redemonstrated left perihilar nodular opacity, similar in size from previous examination. Dense appearing, may be granulomatous. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. XXXX. Limited exam, for evaluation of fractures. However, no evidence for displaced rib fracture.	Opacity / lung / hilum / left / round ; Density / lung / hilum / left / round ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Lung / azygos lobe	1. Left perihilar nodular opacity redemonstrated, appears dense, may be granulomatous, if desired one may consider CT for further characterization. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Redemonstrated azygos lobe. 3. No fracture visible. If clinical concern persists, consider dedicated rib series.	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female with right upper quadrant pain, frequent XXXX, possible rib fracture..
There is no acute osseous abnormality. Soft tissues are within normal limits. Borderline enlargement of the heart. Normal vascular markings. Left basilar retrocardiac opacity. No pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Opacity / lung / base / left / retrocardiac ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left	Findings consistent with left base airspace disease.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX, crackles, and coarse breath sounds of the left. Also with fevers.
Chest. A minimally displaced fracture is present on right rib 4. The small amount of pleural fluid is XXXX deep to the fracture. No pleural air collection. Both lungs clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Note XXXX of a levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Right shoulder. XXXX, soft tissues, and alignment are normal. Right humerus. XXXX and soft tissues are intact.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / right ; Pleural Effusion / small ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae	1. Chest. Right 4th rib fracture. No cardiopulmonary injury. No pleural air collection. 2. Right shoulder negative. 3. Right humerus negative.	XXXX
There are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There are XXXX-filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant. The bowel XXXX pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen. There is no pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. The streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis. No definite infectious infiltrate is seen. There is scoliosis and exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis.	Lung / hypoinflation / severe ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae	1. Very low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary finding. .	XXXX-year-old male with pain.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Chest pain.
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. There is a small retrocardiac density which may be secondary to small hiatal hernia. Left IJ catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. No pneumothorax is seen. The lungs are clear.	Density / retrocardiac / small ; Catheters, Indwelling / left	No acute disease.	XXXX SWEATS X 3 WEEKS;
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.	normal	No acute abnormality.	Chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Sequela of prior granulomatous disease Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine.	Granulomatous Disease ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / patchy ; Spine / degenerative	1. Low volume study without acute process.	Altered mental status, falling
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	Kidney transplant evaluation.
There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes of the spine.	Calcified Granuloma / scattered ; Spine / degenerative	No evidence of active disease.	Status post cardiac catheterization.
Finding data is null	Airspace Disease / lung / bilateral / patchy ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / bilateral ; Consolidation / lung / bilateral ; Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Tube, Inserted / trachea, carina	Patchy bilateral airspace disease with pulmonary XXXX, XXXX a combination of atelectasis and consolidation. Borderline cardiac enlargement. Tracheostomy tube tip 6.4 cm above the carina.	Shortness of breath
Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No bony abnormality. Vague density in right mid lung, XXXX related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. Not visualized on lateral exam.	Density / lung / middle lobe / right	1. Vague density in right XXXX, XXXX related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. Consider oblique images to exclude true nodule. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain.
The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old XXXX with back pain.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease. No evidence for heart failure.	Edema.
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX-year-old female, nonsmoker, preoperative evaluation, prolapse
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	XXXX with deep venous thrombosis.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with tachycardia intermittently over the last 8 hours. Pain and left arm. Three months postpartum.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures show several old rib fractures unchanged in the prior study on the left.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / multiple / healed	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX and chest pain starting yesterday
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX XXXX
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right ; Calcinosis / trachea, carina / lymph nodes ; Granulomatous Disease	Right-sided perihilar calcified lymph XXXX and infracarinal calcified lymph XXXX. These XXXX represent previous granulomatous disease. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. Normal heart size. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX. Sore throat.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Oval sclerotic density projecting over the inferior right glenoid may represent synovial osteochondromatosis or cortical XXXX XXXX. This is unchanged 31 17 XXXX. The remaining osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are unremarkable in appearance.	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Dyspnea, shortness of breath, lightheadedness.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Chest pain, renal failure. Anterior chest pain. Dehydrated, EtOH.
XXXX sternotomy XXXX are in XXXX and intact. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. The bilateral costophrenic XXXX are excluded from the image on the PA view. Lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX XXXX are intact without acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.	Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / obscured ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX year-old male with XXXX.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	Productive XXXX for one XXXX.
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / bilateral / interstitial	1. XXXX interstitial airspace opacities in the lower lobes most consistent with atypical infectious process in the setting of XXXX. 2. No pleural effusion or visible pneumothorax.	XXXX.
Heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours are within normal limits. Normal pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are clear. No visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Spine / degenerative / mild	1. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. 2. No evidence of active disease.	XXXX XXXX XXXX with chronic XXXX
Finding data is null	Sulcus / right / posterior / blunted ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	Heart size within normal limits. No abnormal mediastinal widening. No edema. No focal consolidation. XXXX blunting of the posterior right sulcus may reflect a XXXX right pleural effusion. No pneumothoraces. Flowing osteophytes are seen through the mid and lower thoracic spine.	Back and right-sided chest pain after XXXX in shower
The lungs are well-expanded and clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiomediastinal contour is normal. No acute osseous lesions are identified.	normal	No active pulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX for 3 weeks, RLL pneumonia
No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal heart size. Stable elevation right hemidiaphragm compared to exam on XXXX. Bilateral hilar lymph XXXX. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. Bibasilar atelectasis.	Thoracic Vertebrae / scattered / degenerative ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Lung / hilum / lymph nodes / bilateral	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. Stable scattered calcified granulomas are noted. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Calcified Granuloma / scattered / multiple	No acute abnormality.	XXXX
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	Chest pain.
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. However, there is a 1.7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy. Scattered calcified granulomas also seen. Heart size is upper limit normal. No acute bony abnormality.	Nodule / lung / hilum / right ; Opacity / lung / hilum / right ; Calcified Granuloma / scattered	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. 1.7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, there is XXXX large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma. Followup XXXX radiograph to assess stability may be of benefit.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain and shortness of breath..
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Hemoptysis.
Heart size remains slightly large. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. Aorta tortuous.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta / tortuous	XXXX change. No active cardiopulmonary disease.	chest pain
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic XXXX. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.	Calcinosis / aorta	No acute or XXXX pulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with COPD, XXXX, vomiting, and elevated white blood cell XXXX.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest No evidence of tuberculosis	possible tuberculosis
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. No focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX for mass/infiltrate
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old from XXXX XXXX with clubbing of the XXXX.
Finding data is null	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right	Heart size is normal. Slightly tortuous aorta. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. No adenopathy or fibrosis.	History of sarcoidosis.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	chest pain
Right lower lobe XXXX calcified granuloma. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary inability. .	XXXX-year-old male, kidney transplant workup.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX, XXXX, preop..
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality..	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process, specifically no evidence of active tuberculosis.	XXXX-year-old male, positive PPD, asymptomatic, rule out TB.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX.
The previously seen right-sided PICC has been removed. The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX XXXX.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	normal	No acute process.	Preop anesthesia XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. A calcified granuloma is redemonstrated in the right middle lobe. The thoracic spine appears intact.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female presents for renal pretransplant evaluation.
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right / round	1. Heart size, mediastinal silhouette and vascularity normal. No lobar consolidation, pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. 2. Approximately 1 cm right middle lobe nodular opacity. Not XXXX showing benign type calcification, consider followup XXXX of the chest for characterization.	Left chest pain
Heart size is within normal limits. Emphysematous changes. Focal pleural thickening in the left apex is XXXX scarring. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX. There is no focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Emphysema ; Thickening / pleura / apex / left / focal ; Cicatrix / pleura / apex / left ; Atherosclerosis / aorta	Emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Hemorrhagic infarct. Increased BNP.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No change calcified aorticopulmonary XXXX node.	Calcinosis / aorta / lymph nodes ; Calcinosis / pulmonary artery / lymph nodes	No active disease.	Hx of chest pain ..no XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Atherosclerosis of the aortic XXXX. Minimal XXXX densities, left lung base. Hyperexpanded lungs. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Density / lung / base / left / multiple / mild ; Lung / hyperdistention	Chronic lung changes without acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Altered mental status.
The heart size is within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is tortuous, stable from the prior radiograph. Aortic stent graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta, grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph. There are scattered calcified granulomas. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The left hemidiaphragm remains mildly elevated. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Stents / aorta ; Calcified Granuloma / scattered / multiple ; Diaphragm / left / elevated / mild ; Spine / degenerative / mild	No acute findings.	XXXX-year-old male with history of femoral artery aneurysm, preoperative evaluation.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Chest pain.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Dyspnea
Heart size is upper limits of normal. Mediastinal contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no focal infiltrate or suspicious pulmonary opacity. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is a lucency along the peripheral right lung base, XXXX secondary to a skin fold. No acute bony findings.	Lung, Hyperlucent / base / right	Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Preop bilateral leg gangrene.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea..
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There is corticated irregularity of the right posterior 5th rib, XXXX secondary to old rib fracture. There are no gross acute bony findings.	Deformity / ribs / right / posterior ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / right / healed	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Right-sided chest pain yesterday, worse 1 hour ago.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Markings / bronchovascular / mild	Borderline cardiomegaly, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old male, pain, short of breath
The lungs appear clear. No evidence of focal pneumonia. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. There is suture material at the left apex suggesting prior lung surgery. In the pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours appear normal.	Sutures / lung / apex / left	1. No evidence of pneumonia or aspiration 2. Suture material along left apex suggesting prior lung surgery	,786.2 XXXX - f/u ? aspiration
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal osteophytes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures. A calcified granuloma is demonstrated in the left upper lobe.	Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple / mild ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. .	XXXX year-old female with headache an chest pain.
There is a left chest wall cardiac XXXX generator with 2 leads, one projecting over the right atrium and one projecting over the right XXXX. The heart is near top normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are clear without focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Implanted Medical Device / right ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old female with history of asthma and dyspnea on exertion.
Mediastinum is stable. Retrocardiac lucency XXXX represents a large hiatal hernia, unchanged from prior. The lungs are clear, without focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Stable thoracic XXXX deformity.	Lucency / retrocardiac ; Hernia, Hiatal / large ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Multiple chronic changes as described above. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old woman with syncope.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture. No discrete XXXX projectile visualized. Contrast within the bilateral renal collecting systems. Contrast also probably within the left colon.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality. Discrete XXXX projectile not seen.	XXXX-year-old male. Gunshot wound.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	Dyspnea
Finding data is null	Aortic Aneurysm	Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. Dilated aorta secondary to aortic dissection.	XXXX. Preop exam
Finding data is null	Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Deformity / clavicle / right	Normal heart size. XXXX scarring in the left lung base. Otherwise, clear lungs. Reconstructed right clavicle.	XXXX and congestion
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. There is enlarged heart silhouette. Decreased lung volumes. Lungs demonstrate bibasilar airspace opacities better visualized on lateral view. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the bilateral XXXX.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral	1. Decreased lung volumes. Bibasilar airspace opacities seen on lateral XXXX XXXX be atelectasis or possibly pneumonia.	Morbidly obese patient with dyspnea.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Clear lungs bilaterally. Normal cardiac contours. Multiple anterior endplate osteophyte formation along thoracic spine.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / anterior / multiple	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with vertigo.
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.	normal	Normal chest exam.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with persistent productive XXXX.
Stable cardiomegaly. The lungs are clear. Stable left lung base calcifications. No focal consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.	Cardiomegaly ; Calcinosis / lung / base / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable cardiomegaly.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
PA and lateral views were obtained. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. A 5 mm stable right apical nodule.	Nodule / lung / apex / right	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Body aches
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	Lungs appear relatively clear on today's exam. No significant interval change since the prior study and XXXX.	XXXX pulmonary nodule.
Calcified mediastinal XXXX. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.	Calcinosis / mediastinum ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old female, transplant workup.
Finding data is null	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease	Chest pain, shortness of breath and XXXX
Finding data is null	Mass / thorax / multiple	There are 2 XXXX masses within the right chest, largest over the right heart XXXX measuring up to 3.8 x 3.4 cm. The appearance is concerning for metastatic disease, given the history of right-sided breast cancer.	XXXX.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Bilateral calcified hilar/perihilar lymph XXXX. Left lateral lung calcified granuloma. Lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute osseous abnormality.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / bilateral ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / left ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old with shortness of breath.
Finding data is null	Implanted Medical Device ; Aorta / tortuous	No pneumothorax. Pacemaker defibrillator tips in the right atrium and right ventricle. Heart size normal. Tortuous aorta. Lungs are clear	pacemaker placement rule out pneumothorax
No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Stable left subclavian chest XXXX catheter tip in mid SVC. Lungs are well expanded. Calcified granuloma posteriorly in the medial right lower lobe. Postsurgical changes of anterior lower cervical spine fusion. Thoracic spine demonstrates mild degenerative changes with some mild XXXX loss of T4 and T7 vertebral bodies.	Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right / posterior ; Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae / anterior ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / mild	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality	XXXX-year-old male, preop evaluation. History of tobacco use.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is a thin right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. There is extensive subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck. There are fractures of the right anterior 5th through 9th anterior ribs with mild displacement. Additional fractures cannot entirely be excluded. There is mild streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. Left lung is clear. There is a small hiatal hernia. There is an intrathecal catheter terminating in the lower thoracic spine.	Pneumothorax / apex / right / small ; Subcutaneous Emphysema / thorax / right / severe ; Subcutaneous Emphysema / neck / severe ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / right / anterior / multiple ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right / streaky / mild ; Hernia, Hiatal / small ; Catheters, Indwelling / thoracic vertebrae ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Opacity / lung / base / right	1. XXXX right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. 2. Multiple right-sided rib fractures involving at XXXX the right anterior 5th through 9th ribs with mild displacement. 3. Mild right basilar airspace disease, atelectasis versus contusion. .	XXXX, rule out pneumothorax.
Lordotic projection and large body habitus. Limited mediastinal evaluation. Severe cardiomegaly. No visualized pneumothorax. No large effusion or airspace disease. No fracture.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Cardiomegaly / severe	Severe cardiomegaly. Limited mediastinal evaluation given body habitus and lordotic projection. Recommend XXXX for further evaluation of mediastinum given T/Spine injury noted on C/Spine imaging. Critical result notification documented through Primordial.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX one.
Low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable	Lung / hypoinflation	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old female with abdominal pain
The heart is large. Lung volumes are XXXX. XXXX opacity persists in the right midlung. No focal infiltrates.	Cardiomegaly ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right ; Cicatrix / lung / middle lobe / right	Persistent cardiomegaly. Right midlung scar. No visible acute failure or pneumonia.	dyspnea
Hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms. Granulomas. Small sized heart. Minimal apical capping slightly greater at the left. XXXX unremarkable.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Lung, Hyperlucent ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Thickening / pleura / apex / bilateral / mild ; Granuloma / multiple ; Heart / small	Appearance suggests emphysema. Apical capping, slightly greater at the left. Recommend comparison with prior films or followup chest x-XXXX films to confirm stability and approximately 4 months in XXXX. Critical result notification documented through Primordial.	Pressure left-sided face.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Spine / degenerative	1. No evidence of active disease.	Chronic XXXX.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation	Low lung volumes, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain shortness of breath.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. XXXX sternotomy XXXX noted. Inferior sternotomy XXXX is disrupted.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Productive XXXX for 2 weeks.
The lungs are clear. No focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.	normal	Clear lungs.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX, non-XXXX, 786.2
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Chest pain.
Finding data is null	Nipple Shadow / bilateral ; Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left	Heart size is normal. Bilateral nipple shadows seen. 5 mm left lower lobe granuloma. Heart size normal. No effusions. Lungs clear	History of hypertension
The heart size is moderately enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Again noted is XXXX and left midlung airspace opacity XXXX atelectasis. There is left basilar opacity XXXX atelectasis as well. There is improved right midlung opacity. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact. Extensive atherosclerotic disease.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Opacity / lung / lingula ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right ; Spine / degenerative / mild ; Atherosclerosis / severe	Probable left midlung and left basilar atelectasis. Cardiomegaly.	XXXX-year-old with shortness of breath. Atelectasis versus infiltrate.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Hemoptysis
Heart size upper limits of normal. Pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal. No consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bridging syndesmophytes are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine. This could indicate diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. This is similar to prior imaging.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple ; Osteophyte / lumbar vertebrae / multiple	No acute changes from prior imaging.	XXXX and congestion for 3 weeks.
No change in the appearance of the left upper lobectomy. Left parahilar scar is unchanged. No XXXX infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size remains normal.	Pneumonectomy / lung / upper lobe / left ; Cicatrix / lung / hilum / left	Stable chest. No evidence for recurrence or metastasis.	Pt is a XXXX XXXX female w/ XXXX, COPD, hx of XXXX and TB who presents w/ worsening SOB
Broken of the 4XXXX XXXX XXXX, similar to the prior study. Stable multiple surgical clips in the left hilar area. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. No XXXX focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Unremarkable bony structure.	Surgical Instruments / lung / hilum / left	No acute pulmonary findings. .	XXXX-year-old female with history of XXXX outlet right ventricle, and transposition of the Great XXXX. Status post surgery.
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX-year-old female with persistent XXXX for 6 months.
The aortic XXXX, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	No Indexing	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Shortness of breath, XXXX inhalation
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. No fibrosis. No nodules or masses. Please XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX to be followed up as per history	XXXX followup
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX.
There is a single calcified granuloma in the right lung base. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear bilaterally. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. There are cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Small T-spine osteophytes are noted.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple / small	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Dyspnea
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease. No acute osseous findings.	Granulomatous Disease	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Dyspnea
Finding data is null	Cicatrix / lung / base / right ; Calcinosis / abdomen / multiple	Heart size is within normal limits. No edema. Bandlike scarring in the right base. No pleural effusion, lobar consolidation or pneumothorax. Multiple coarse calcifications in the epigastrium are seen on the lateral radiograph, not well localized on the frontal image. Could represent pancreatic parenchymal calcifications of chronic pancreatitis or old granulomatous sequela.	EtOH, diabetes, altered mental status
There is flattening of hemidiaphragms. There are prominent interstitial markings. There is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. There are atherosclerotic institutions of the aorta. The heart is of the first limits of normal size. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Diaphragm / flattened ; Markings / lung / interstitial / prominent ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Cardiomegaly / borderline	1. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragm suggesting COPD. 2. Borderline enlarged heart. 3. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Pneumonia
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Pectus carinatum is noted. Calcified lymph XXXX and granuloma are noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Mild XXXX deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine.	Pectus Carinatum ; Calcinosis / lymph nodes ; Calcified Granuloma / multiple ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / mild ; Granulomatous Disease	1. No evidence of active disease. 2. Evidence of previous granulomatous infection. 3. Pectus carinatum.	Renal cell carcinoma.
The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. Stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. Stable XXXX opacity in the left XXXX, XXXX representing a scar. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures.	Lung / hilum / bilateral / prominent / mild ; Opacity / left ; Cicatrix / left ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. 2. Stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions, possibly consistent with enlarged pulmonary arteries/pulmonary hypertension. Please correlate clinically.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX, DYSPNEA
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	hemoptysis.
Heart size is upper limits of normal but stable. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. Chronically increased interstitial markings without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the spine.	Markings / lung / interstitial / chronic ; Spine / degenerative	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Short of breath
Stable scoliosis XXXX. The lungs are clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax.	Scoliosis	1. Clear lungs. No radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. 2. Stable scoliosis XXXX. .	XXXX XXXX female. Immunosuppressed.
Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No evidence of acute osseous abnormality.	normal	1. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. 2. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.	XXXX-year-old female with history of endometrial cancer; routine followup.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative disease of multiple midthoracic vertebral bodies.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with a XXXX.
Stable chronic appearing left basilar opacities. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures appear intact. Degenerative changes of the visualized thoracic spine.	Opacity / lung / base / left / chronic ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX.
Finding data is null	Infiltrate / lung / left / interstitial	Heart size is normal. No effusions. XXXX interstitial infiltrate in the left lung. Less XXXX on the right lung. This may represent lymphangitic spread of carcinoma. Other etiologies may include mycoplasma pneumonia or viral pneumonia. Ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the exam. Further evaluation may require CT with IV contrast and high-resolution scans.	History of breast cancer.
Lung volumes are mildly decreased. The cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. There is bilateral lower lobe XXXX airspace opacities compatible with discoid atelectasis. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild ; Opacity / lung / lower lobe / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / bilateral / focal / round	Bilateral lower lobe focal atelectasis.	XXXX. History of XXXX's disease
Finding data is null	normal	The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Asthma
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is Stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. There are mild chronic changes without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion is seen.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Cardiomegaly / mild	Mild cardiomegaly and atherosclerosis. No acute infiltrate.	Chronic XXXX
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified left upper lobe 5 mm peripheral granuloma. No edema or effusions. No pneumonia	dyspnea.
Stable left lower lung increased interstitial markings. No XXXX focal alveolar opacities. Low lung volumes. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions.	Markings / lung / lower lobe / left / interstitial ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / left / interstitial ; Pulmonary Fibrosis / lower lobe / left / interstitial	Stable left lower lung interstitial infiltrates or fibrosis. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female shortness of breath.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Chest pain.
XXXX right basal airspace opacity. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.	Opacity / lung / base / right	XXXX right basilar airspace opacity.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX onset pleuritic pain.
Finding data is null	Tube, Inserted / trachea, carina	Device compatible tracheostomy is in XXXX, with tip approximately 5-6 centimeters above carina. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	DIABETES; Pt to have throat surgery.
In the interval, consolidation has developed in the left upper lobe. Also, anterior segment XXXX opacity is present. Right lung remains clear. Heart size is normal.	Consolidation / lung / upper lobe / left ; Opacity / anterior ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / focal ; Pneumonia	Developing left upper lobe consolidation and focal atelectasis, consistent with pneumonitis.	chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered XXXX opacities in the bilateral lung bases. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / scattered ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild	1. Pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old female status post seizure with shortness of breath and XXXX.
Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No non-calcified nodules are identified.	Spine / degenerative	1. No evidence of active disease.	Kidney cancer.
Heart size normal. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion. Degenerative changes in the midthoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female dyspnea.
The lungs hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Spine / degenerative ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic / spine	No evidence of active disease.	Pain
There are changes of prior midline sternotomy with surgical clips consistent with CABG, and stable mild cardiomegaly. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	Surgical Instruments / thorax ; Cardiomegaly / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with dyspnea.
Patient is slightly rotated. Normal heart size. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	Syncope
4 images. There is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. There is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. Within the right lung, there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe, with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. At the right lung apex, there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 1.3 cm. This could indicate cavitation. Left-sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. No convincing acute bony findings.	Hydropneumothorax / left / large ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / left / severe ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / interstitial ; Opacity / lung / base / right / interstitial ; Opacity / lung / apex / right / patchy ; Lucency / lung / apex / right / focal / round	1. Large left hydropneumothorax, with complete collapse of the left lung. 2. Airspace and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes. Possible apical cavitation. Tuberculosis should be excluded clinically.	XXXX.
Lungs appear clear. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	Roomate sts pt has been in XXXX for 3 days. Pt hasn't been eating or drinking anything for 3 days. No energy. +vomiting and diarrhea. XXXX abdominal px. XXXX,high XXXX
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	PRE-OP VENTRAL HERNIA REPAIR, OBESITY, XXXX APNEA, XXXX
Finding data is null	normal	Clear lungs. No discrete adenopathy or significant scarring. No active pulmonary disease.	Sarcoidosis
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX
Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	PAIN;...FWC
Both lungs remain hyperexpanded. No XXXX focal infiltrates. A small pleural or collection is XXXX present in the right apex. However, it has decreased considerably since the previous examination. Heart size remains normal.	Lung / bilateral / hyperdistention ; Pneumothorax / apex / right / small ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	COPD with almost completely resolved right apical pleural air collection.	Followup pleural air collection.
Given differences in patient rotation, heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. Lungs appear clear without focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered XXXX deformities. Stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / scattered / multiple ; Deformity / shoulder / left ; Shoulder / right / degenerative / severe	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
The heart size is within normal limits. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX bilaterally. There are bibasilar airspace opacities with small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / bilateral ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral	Small bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis and/or airspace disease, left greater than right.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX, shortness of breath
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / mild	Heart size normal. Right lung clear. Minimal basilar atelectasis on the left	History of XXXX.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	,486,V76.12 PNEUMONIA CXR
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The left hemidiaphragm is elevated. This is unchanged. No focal airspace disease is seen. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm.	Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right	1. Continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 2. No evidence of active disease.	Abdominal pain, right upper quadrant.
Finding data is null	Aorta / tortuous ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild	Three total images. Heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta including mildly ectatic appearing ascending aorta. No comparisons are available to evaluate stability. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No focal infiltrates or pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.	Chest pain x1.5 hours. Worsening with deep inspiration, radiating to right shoulder.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable with aortic tortuosity. Lungs are clear with no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fractures are noted. There are multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Aorta / tortuous ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple	No acute disease.	Injury, XXXX XXXX XXXX on patient, bone pain, anemia
Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cervical fusion XXXX. Degenerative changes of the spine and the acromioclavicular joints.	Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae ; Spine / degenerative ; Shoulder / bilateral / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX.
No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal cardiac contour. Clear lungs bilaterally.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female pre-op evaluation
There is a approximately 4 cm opacity with one XXXX margin and the other ill-defined in the lateral lower left lung is seen on the PA view. This is not definitely seen on the lateral view. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. There are T-spine osteophytes. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX there	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / left ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes ; Mass / thorax / left	Approximately 4.8 cm mass in the left lower hemithorax. This is favored to be arising from the chest wall and be pleural based. A CT of the chest is recommended for further evaluation. Critical result notification documented through Primordial.	Preoperative, knee surgery.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	Bone marrow transplant XXXX evaluation
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	Positive PPD.
Finding data is null	normal	Clear lungs. No airspace disease or other parenchymal infiltrates. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No pulmonary edema. Normal heart size, mediastinal contours and normal pulmonary vasculature. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease. Unchanged.	XXXX non productive chronic XXXX. no XXXX. XXXX. does st XXXX sweats.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain
Lungs remain hyperexpanded. No change in the right middle lobe opacification. No XXXX infiltrates or masses. Pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Cicatrix / lung / middle lobe / right / chronic ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right / chronic ; Hypertension, Pulmonary	XXXX change COPD. Chronic right middle lobe scar and atelectasis. Pulmonary arterial hypertension.	Dyspnea.
There are postsurgical and postradiation changes of the left lung with a spiculated, hyperdense scar in the left upper thorax. There is a loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change. XXXX deviation towards the left. Right lung is hyperexpanded. The right lung is clear. Heart size and vascularity within normal limits.	Cicatrix / thorax / left ; Volume Loss / lung / left ; Lung / right / hyperdistention ; Density / thorax / left	Postsurgical and postradiation changes on the left with no acute abnormality.	Chest pain
Heart size and vascularity normal. Mediastinal contour normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.	normal	Normal chest.	Vomiting diarrhea chills
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Negative chest .	Chest pain
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate increased interstitial markings probably COPD. There is calcified hilar lymph XXXX. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Markings / lung / bilateral / interstitial ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes	1. No acute pulmonary disease.	dyspnea
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Mild aortic tortuosity. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	Aorta / tortuous / mild	No acute findings.	XXXX.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX;
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are XXXX opacities in the left XXXX, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scar. Otherwise, the lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.	Opacity / lung / lingula ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula ; Cicatrix / lung / lingula	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Left midlung subsegmental atelectasis versus scar.	Chest pain
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No effusions, pneumonia, or edema	dyspnea
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	Transplant, XXXX evaluation
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. There is some tortuosity of the aorta. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine	Aorta / tortuous ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Clear lungs.	AML. BMT workup.
Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.	normal	Normal chest exam.	XXXX-year-old chest pain.
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain
There are postoperative changes of sternotomy and CABG. There is stable mild cardiomegaly. There are scattered XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis, decreased from the prior chest radiograph. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / bilateral / scattered ; Spine / degenerative / mild	1. Scattered bilateral subsegmental atelectasis. Decreased from prior radiograph. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly.	XXXX-year-old male status post CABG.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	XXXX
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size within normal limits. There is tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta, unchanged. There is right paratracheal thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy and XXXX pulmonary arterial enlargement visualized on XXXX chest in XXXX. Radiographically, the findings are grossly stable.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Thickening / right / paratracheal ; Lung / hilum / lymph nodes / bilateral / enlarged ; Pulmonary Artery / enlarged	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Abnormal appearance of the mediastinum as discussed below.	Hypertension, leg weakness.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Difficulty breathing, pleuritic chest pain and dyspnea for 2 weeks
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Spine / degenerative	Clear lungs.	XXXX
There is hyperinflation lungs due to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Calcinosis / lung / right / posterior ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	COPD. No acute pulmonary disease.	Look-up on XXXX and does not remember XXXX happened.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	Negative chest x-XXXX.	Nightsweats for 3 months
The lungs appear clear. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. There appears to the contrast XXXX within small colonic diverticula in the splenic flexure region.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease	Patient with ampullary adenocarcinoma, preoperative evaluation
The mediastinal silhouette is widened with overlying sternotomy XXXX. The heart size is normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate or pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.	Mediastinum / prominent ; Aortic Aneurysm	1. Wide mediastinal XXXX, consistent with history of aortic dissection. 2. Otherwise normal chest x-XXXX.	History of aortic dissection.
Heart size within normal limits. Streaky airspace disease is demonstrated on the lateral examination. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Airspace Disease / lung / streaky	Streaky air space disease may represent infiltrate. .	XXXX-year-old XXXX, XXXX and XXXX for 6 days.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.	normal	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	Chest pain. Shortness of breath. The patient's lower abdomen was shielded for this exam.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent a focus of free air.	normal	1. XXXX lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent free intraperitoneal air. Left lateral decubitus film may be helpful. 2. Clear lungs.	XXXX year-old male, chest pain
Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Calcified bilateral hilar lymph XXXX, greater on the left. No acute osseous findings.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / bilateral	Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Chest pain
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Spine / degenerative / mild	1. No evidence of active disease.	XXXX, wheezing, XXXX.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. Degenerative changes are noted in the spine. The descending thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. The mediastinum appears somewhat prominent.	Spine / degenerative ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Mediastinum / prominent	1. Prominent mediastinum. May be due to mediastinal fat. Comparison films, if available, would be useful to determine if this is a chronic appearance. 2. Clear lungs.	Low back pain.
Finding data is null	normal	The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	INDICATION data is null
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial	Cardiomegaly with interstitial edema. No effusions, pneumonia, nodules or masses.	History of dyspnea
XXXX XXXX and lateral views of the chest were obtained on XXXX. The lung volumes are normal. The lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. The mediastinum and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The bony elements are not remarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. END OF REPORT.	XXXX-year-old male with palpitations and tachycardia.
Heart size borderline enlarged. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No focal airspace disease. Low lung volumes. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Mild degenerative disease of the thoracic spine.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Density / thorax / round ; Granulomatous Disease / chronic ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old female with hyperviscosity syndrome, rule out infiltrate
Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Heart size is normal. Stable right paratracheal prominence, consistent with known calcified lymph node, seen on prior CT chest dated XXXX. XXXX are unremarkable.	Mediastinum / right / paratracheal / prominent	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Left arm, back, shoulder pain.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain and shortness of breath..
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Granulomatous calcifications and mediastinum. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	Calcified Granuloma / mediastinum / multiple	No acute findings.	Preop XXXX
AP and lateral view of the chest.	Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Opacity / lung / interstitial ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small	1. Cardiomegaly with central vascular congestion and increased interstitial opacities suggesting mild interstitial pulmonary edema. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions. 3. No visible pneumothorax.	Back and chest pain.
Stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. Epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. Interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial ; Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / left	Stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. Epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. Interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate.	Shortness of breath. History of sarcoidosis.
There is a prominent calcified head to the right anterior first rib. The aorta is tortuous. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.	Calcinosis / ribs / right / anterior / prominent ; Aorta / tortuous ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	401.1 HYPERTENSION, no XXXX chest symptoms, pt will be entering an assisted living facility XXXX
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild emphysematous changes are noted. The lungs are otherwise clear.	Emphysema / mild	No acute disease.	XXXX, XXXX pain
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right	The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. Right lower lobe calcified granuloma. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Chest pain
Finding data is null	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Surgical Instruments / mediastinum ; Deformity / lumbar vertebrae / mild	Left chest cardiac XXXX generator with ICD XXXX tip overlying expected location of the right ventricle. No pneumothorax. Sternotomy XXXX intact. Mediastinal clips and markers from prior CABG. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal silhouette is stable. No edema. No XXXX consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Age-indeterminate, mild XXXX deformity of an upper lumbar vertebrae.	Post ICD implantation
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / multiple	Calcified granulomas. No suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	pa/lat cxr,185 MALIGNANT NEOPLASM OF PROSTATE
Status post XXXX sternotomy and CABG. Heart size is normal. Coronary vascular stent. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. Calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Degenerative changes of the spine.	Stents / coronary vessels ; Spine / degenerative ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes	No acute abnormality. .	Chest pain
This is an apical lordotic view the chest. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary process	Chest pain , right arm numbness
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Left-sided chest pain x2 days.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable left upper lobe calcified granuloma. Heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild	1. No acute pulmonary findings. 2. Mild cardiomegaly.	Preoperative renal transplant.
There has been interval XXXX sternotomy with mitral valve surgery. There is a small amount of scarring in the left midlung. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is continued cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium.	Cicatrix / lung / lingula / mild ; Cardiomegaly ; Heart Atria / left / enlarged	1. Scarring in the left midlung. 2. Cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium with postoperative changes of mitral valve surgery.	dyspnea
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. There is no obvious displaced rib fracture. If there is concern for fracture consider rib series.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	Pain, syncope
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Dyspnea
The XXXX examination consists of supine and crosstable lateral radiographs of the chest. External monitor leads XXXX the thorax. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.	Medical Device / thorax	No evidence of acute thoracic XXXX.	XXXX XXXX
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear	dyspnea
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Spine / degenerative	No focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax.	back pain
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left / focal / small ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / left ; Calcinosis / mediastinum	Small focal opacity in the left upper lobe, differential diagnosis includes subsegmental atelectasis, small infiltrate, scarring, followup recommended. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mediastinal and left hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX, congestion
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Mild nodular prominence of the right hilum, without significant change. Lung volumes are decreased, with crowding. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.	Nodule / lung / hilum / right / prominent ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / lung / mild ; Deformity / clavicle / left	1. Low lung volumes with mild crowding.	Coughing
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. There is a right middle lobe nodule which is denser than adjacent XXXX is most XXXX calcified. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine.	Nodule / lung / middle lobe / right ; Calcinosis / lung / middle lobe / right ; Spine / degenerative	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX, dyspnea, history of asthma
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Calcified granuloma, right base. Normal XXXX.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Pain. Emesis.
No focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old male, history of tobacco use.
Hyperexpanded lungs suggesting obstructive lung disease. Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Granulomatous Disease ; Spine / degenerative	Hyperexpanded but clear lungs.	dyspnea
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman, elbowed in abdomen..
The heart is again enlarged, stable. The left subclavian ICD is unchanged position. There is a XXXX right upper extremity PICC line, the tip is partially obscured by the pacemaker XXXX. The tip appears to be in the proximal SVC. No pneumothorax is seen. There is mild central vascular prominence and bronchovascular crowding. The lungs are hypoinflated without focal consolidation.	Cardiomegaly ; Implanted Medical Device / left ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Pulmonary Congestion / mild ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Lung / hypoinflation	1. Stable cardiomegaly and mild central vascular prominence. 2. XXXX right upper extremity PICC line with tip in proximal SVC. No pneumothorax.	Chest pain since last XXXX, no sob, no XXXX, XXXX x 12 years, hx of 5 heart attacks per patient with pacemaker placement
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old with dyspnea.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Mild prominence left hilar contour. Bony structures are intact.	Lung / hilum / left / prominent / mild	No acute preoperative findings.	Preop organ prolapse surgery
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Incidental note XXXX of an azygos fissure. There are surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy, in the right upper quadrant.	Medical Device ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right ; Lung / azygos lobe	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	Chest pain today.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No nodules or adenopathy is identified.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	Testicular carcinoma.
There is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. This appears XXXX from the prior study. The lungs otherwise appear clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / round	1. No acute traumatic findings. 2. Right upper lobe 6 mm nodular opacity. This may be artifactual secondary to overlapping vascular structures. However, true pulmonary nodule is a possibility. This appears XXXX from XXXX. Consider further evaluation with dedicated PA and lateral chest radiographs XXXX the patient is XXXX.	XXXX vehicle collision
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	normal	Clear lungs.	Chest pain, re: XXXX/ altercation
Heart size normal. Mediastinum unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Lungs symmetrically aerated without focal infiltrate or consolidation. Multiple scattered calcified granulomas are present bilaterally. No focal volume loss evident. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Bony thorax unremarkable.	Calcified Granuloma / bilateral / scattered / multiple ; Granulomatous Disease	Multiple bilateral calcified granulomas most XXXX sequela of granulomatous process. No focal infiltrate or consolidation. . If one would like to discuss this case further, please XXXX. XXXX at XXXX. Thanks.	XXXX-year-old female dyspnea wheezing shortness of breath chronic XXXX x9 years. .
Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.	Lung / hypoinflation	XXXX change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXXyo with hepatic encephalopathy with persistent altered mental status despite t
Stable prominence of the cardiac apex, XXXX from ventricular hypertrophy. Mid sternotomy XXXX again noted. No pneumothorax, significant pulmonary edema or large pleural effusions. No focal lung consolidation. Clips in the right upper quadrant consistent with cholecystectomy. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.	Heart / apex / prominent ; Thickening / heart ventricles ; Surgical Instruments / right ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / right	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old with pulmonary hypertension
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with pleurisy and positive PPD..
The aortic XXXX, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is significantly enlarged. Pulmonary vascular markings centrally are within normal limits and symmetric. Increased interstitial markings bilaterally at the lung bases. This may be related to chronic interstitial changes or edema. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / severe ; Markings / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial ; Cardiomegaly / severe ; Pulmonary Edema / base / bilateral	1. Marked cardiomegaly. 2. Increased interstitial markings in the lower lungs, edema versus chronic interstitial changes.	Shortness of breath
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal in the lungs are clear.	XXXX and hemoptysis XXXX and on for 2 months
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. And scattered calcified granulomas. Left greater than right basilar opacity, probable atelectasis and/or scarring. No pleural effusion.	Calcified Granuloma / scattered / multiple ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Cicatrix / lung / base / bilateral	Basilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process.	Chest pain XXXX this XXXX. Weakness and shortness of breath.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality identified. Multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine noted.	Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with pain.
Lungs are hyperinflated but clear. No focal infiltrate or effusion. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. Calcified mediastinal XXXX identified.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Calcinosis / mediastinum	Hyperinflated but clear lungs.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea
Low lung volumes. Heart size normal. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusions.	Lung / hypoinflation	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with one XXXX of productive XXXX.
Finding data is null	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Kyphosis ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Lung / interstitial / abnormal ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / right ; Nodule / lung / right ; Density / lung / right ; Surgical Instruments / heart	Exam quality limited by hypoventilation and kyphosis. Low lung volumes, bibasilar opacities XXXX due at XXXX in part to atelectasis. Abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern, nonspecific in appearance with XXXX differential diagnosis including chronic lung disease, interstitial infiltrates, pulmonary edema. Right hilar calcifications and dense right lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size near top normal limits for technique, sternotomy XXXX, CABG clips, artifact of aortic valve surgery.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain
Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman, short of breath.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. The lung XXXX are clear. There are no soft tissue or bony abnormalities. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain
Coronary artery stents visualized. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.	Stents / coronary vessels	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male, COPD and XXXX.
Cardiac silhouette within normal limits. Central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. No edema or focal consolidation in the lungs.	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is prominent with calcification within the aorta. Azygos lobe is noted. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes noted in the spine.	Aorta, Thoracic / prominent ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Lung / azygos lobe ; Spine / degenerative	Prominent transverse aorta. Otherwise clear.	Hypertension.
Status post midline sternotomy with intact XXXX XXXX. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Normal lung vascularity. The lungs are clear.	Cardiomegaly / mild	Stable postop changes with stable mild cardiomegaly and normal lung vascularity.	Status post XXXX surgery XXXX
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule. Heart and mediastinum normal.	Nodule / lung / upper lobe / right / small ; Calcinosis / lung / upper lobe / right / small	No active disease.	please evaluate for evidence of active TB (for supportive housing placement)
Sequelae of old granulomatous disease is again noted. Lungs are clear without focal air space disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Granulomatous Disease ; Spine / degenerative	Clear lungs.	CP
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Chest pain
Heart size normal. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Lungs are clear. Soft tissues and XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	Normal chest.	Dyspnea
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. old left rib fractures.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / multiple / healed	Lungs are clear without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.	Hepatitis C. Hepatocellular carcinoma.
There is a right pleural effusion which appears somewhat loculated. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. The left lung is grossly clear. Unchanged sclerotic lesion in the left proximal clavicle. No pneumothorax. No left pleural effusion. There are T-spine osteophytes.	Pleural Effusion / right / focal ; Sclerosis / clavicle / left ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right	Loculated appearing right pleural effusion and right basilar airspace disease. The left lung is grossly clear.	Leg weakness.
No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal cardiac contours. Clear lungs bilaterally. Redemonstration of transmetatarsal amputation. No evidence of acute fracture-dislocations. No evidence of any bony erosions or osseous infections.	normal	Right foot 1. No evidence of the bony erosions or osseous infection. Chest radiograph 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with crackles on lung examination and follow up for osteomyelitis.
The heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a moderate sized hiatal hernia. There mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Hernia, Hiatal / moderate ; Spine / degenerative / mild	Cardiomegaly and hiatal hernia without an acute abnormality identified.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain intermittently over the XXXX 3 months with dizziness.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	chest pain/dyspnea
Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, lateral view interlobar fissural thickening. Interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases.	Cardiomegaly ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / bilateral / interstitial ; Pulmonary Edema ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Thickening / pleura	1. Cardiomegaly, question small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infectious and inflammatory processes.	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Heart size normal.	Density / lung / round / multiple ; Granulomatous Disease / chronic	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with right substernal chest pain
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Mild dextrocurvature of the spine again noted.	Scoliosis / right / mild	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, anxiety attacks, chest pain
Finding data is null	normal	The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Abdominal pain.
No acute osseous abnormalities. Left midlung, and basilar streaky opacity. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No pneumothorax. Small calcified 8 cm granuloma adjacent to the right diaphragm within the right chest. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.	Opacity / lung / lingula / streaky ; Opacity / lung / base / left / streaky ; Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Calcified Granuloma / thorax / right / small	No acute osseous abnormalities. If continued clinical concern for rib fracture dedicated rib films will be helpful. Left midlung, and left basilar streaky opacity may represent atelectasis.	XXXX, rib pain.
Stable appearance of previous XXXX sternotomy. Stable cardiomegaly. Stable mild bilateral interstitial opacities in which may represent mild pulmonary edema. No evidence of large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial / mild ; Pulmonary Edema / mild	Stable cardiomegaly and mild bilateral interstitial opacities which represent mild pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX's syndrome previous history of XXXX XXXX.
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, epigastric pain, XXXX.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities.	Calcified Granuloma / bilateral / scattered / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	normal	Clear lungs.	left lower chest pain with XXXX.r/o pneumonia
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Calcified right upper lobe nodule with a granuloma is again seen but unchanged. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.	Nodule / lung / upper lobe / right ; Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right ; Calcinosis / lung / upper lobe / right	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain.
Normal heart size. Stable tortuous aorta. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No suspicious focal air space opacities. Levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. Prior granulomatous disease.	Aorta / tortuous ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / left ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / left ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Pulmonary Emphysema ; Granulomatous Disease	Stable emphysematous lung changes. No acute abnormality seen.	XXXX loss of 20 XXXX. Smoking history.
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Calcified lingular pulmonary granuloma. Normal pulmonary vascularity.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula	No acute abnormality.	XXXX doesn't feel well, under a XXXX of XXXX
Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. Lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are grossly intact.	normal	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with shortness of breath.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	XXXX
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process. If there is concern for soft tissue bone or bony abnormality of the thorax, XXXX.	XXXX, XXXX on anterior midline chest for one knee are
There is a stable appearing left-sided XXXX. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine.	Granulomatous Disease ; Spine / degenerative	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Preop for XXXX Lab
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size upper limits of normal, predominantly left ventricular contour (XXXX visualized on lateral projection), pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Numbness and tingling in the left arm, nausea vomiting
The lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are XXXX atelectatic or scar. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left / streaky / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / upper lobe / left	Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with syncopal episode..
There is a focal area of opacity in the right midlung zone. This was not present on the recent prior study. There is prominence of the pulmonary markings throughout and there are small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There is a prosthetic valve. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.	Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right / focal ; Markings / lung / bilateral / prominent ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Implanted Medical Device / heart ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis ; Pulmonary Congestion / mild	1. Focal opacity in the right midlung zone worrisome for pneumonitis. 2. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.	CHF and shortness of breath.
Rotated examination. Tortuous aorta. Moderate right-sided pleural effusion, small left sided. No pneumothorax. Mixed nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs, right greater than left. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. Obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture, transverse, with 5 mm displacement of the distal fragment. Limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. No cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. Large hiatal hernia.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Aorta / tortuous ; Pleural Effusion / right / moderate ; Pleural Effusion / left / small ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial ; Nodule / lung / bilateral / interstitial ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / mild ; Fractures, Bone / humerus / left ; Stents ; Hernia, Hiatal / large ; Cardiomegaly ; Aorta / prominent	1. Moderate right-sided pleural effusion. 2. No cavitary lung changes to suggest active tuberculosis. The airspace opacities in right upper lobe seen on XXXX chest are not visualized on this study which could be due to difference in technique and patient rotation. 3. Cardiomegaly with prominent aorta which may be accentuated due to AP view. 4. Left humerus fracture. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female admitted for fractures (multiple), examination for ECF placement.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	Mild cardiomegaly. No overt edema. Lateral image is degraded by motion but there suggestion of minimal bibasilar airspace disease/atelectasis. No appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	XXXX-year-old, syncope
Heart size is normal. The lungs are grossly clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No overt edema.	normal	No acute abnormality.	Dyspnea, nausea and vomiting, XXXX
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart size is normal with postoperative changes consistent with CABG. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Clear lungs	History of sarcoidosis with pretibial lesion
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	Dyspnea. Asthma.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX
The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. The bony structures of the thorax are unremarkable.	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the chest.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Pain in chest with apparent
Lungs are hyperexpanded. Bullae are present in the upper lobes. No focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size normal.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Blister / lung / upper lobe / bilateral / multiple ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	COPD. No acute disease.	sob with chest pain
The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old woman with MVA.
Heart size within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. Lungs are clear bilaterally. No focal consolidations. No pleural effusions. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No active disease.	pt with chronic asthma
In the interval, the interval, there has been development of multiple nodules in both the upper and lower lobes bilaterally. The previously identified left lower lobe nodule has increased in size. Left hemidiaphragm is slightly elevated, possibly from splinting. The mediastinum remains normal. Heart size normal.	Nodule / lung / upper lobe / bilateral / multiple ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / bilateral / multiple ; Diaphragm / left / elevated / mild	Multiple pulmonary nodules consistent with metastases. Chest, abdomen, and pelvis CT with contrast would be helpful for further evaluation.	chest pain
There has been interval removal of right-sided central venous catheter. Enteric tube is again noted, coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal, unchanged from prior. Low lung volumes, causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Tube, Inserted ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. Low lung volumes with subsequent bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old woman with hypoxia.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old chest pain, sent from XXXX Lab.
There is stable left costophrenic XXXX blunting. The patient has undergone prior left lobectomy. There are chronic appearing right basilar interstitial markings. Heart size normal. No visualized pneumothorax. There is stable appearing left upper and right upper lobe bullous disease.	Costophrenic Angle / left / blunted ; Pneumonectomy / lung / left ; Markings / lung / base / right / interstitial / chronic ; Blister / lung / upper lobe / bilateral	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Unchanged chronic appearance of the left lung.	COPD
Heart size is normal. No focal consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Negative chest. .	XXXX year old female with XXXX.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX with exertional dyspnea.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, productive XXXX.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Calcinosis / abdomen / left	1. There is cardiomegaly. No pulmonary edema. Lungs symmetrically aerated and clear of infiltrate or consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. S-shaped curvature thoracic spine noted. 2. Left upper quadrant peripherally calcified focus 3.8 XXXX XXXX splenic and origin and may represent benign cyst but is not XXXX to be further localized or characterized on XXXX film. Vascular aneurysm would be possible but thought less XXXX.	XXXX-year-old female preoperative for spinal surgery XXXX 14, XXXX. No XXXX chest complains.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	Coughing up blood.
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / left	Calcified granuloma periphery left lung. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	ASTHMA; Pt to have hip decompression surgery.
There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Preop.
The heart is normal in size. Stable appearance of coronary stent. XXXX sternotomy changes are present. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Stents / coronary vessels ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male. Chest pain. Anxiety.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Again seen is evidence of prior CABG. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. XXXX XXXX right and XXXX left pleural effusions. There is XXXX right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis. XXXX B-lines seen at the lung bases. No consolidation or pneumothorax.	Pleural Effusion / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Markings / lung / base / bilateral ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial / mild	XXXX XXXX bilateral pleural effusions, right larger than left. Early interstitial show pulmonary edema.	CHF, shortness of breath.
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary disease.	dizziness
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. There is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusion is seen.	Diaphragmatic Eventration / right / mild	No acute disease.	Chest pain
Mediastinal contours are normal. Heart size is within normal limits. Multiple scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise lungs are clear.. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No bony abnormality.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / scattered / multiple ; Granulomatous Disease ; Nodule / lung / scattered / multiple ; Calcinosis / lung / scattered / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Evaluate for pneumonia.
There is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lung zone. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is hyperinflation. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal for age.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left ; Lung / hyperdistention	No acute pulmonary disease.	COPD with chronic bronchitis.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild dextro curvature of the thoracic spine, possibly positional.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Shortness of breath.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.	normal	Normal chest film.	Dyspnea
Normal heart size. Mild unfolding and atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. No focal air space consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female, dizziness, headache.
The Cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. The Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX year-old with chest pain and right arm numbness.
There is no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	Kidney transplant XXXX
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Stable S-shaped scoliosis. Cardiac XXXX is intact.	Scoliosis	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	Heart XXXX. XXXX.
There are XXXX left upper lobe opacities. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is as is within normal limits.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / upper lobe / left ; Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / left	1. No evidence of active tuberculosis. 2. XXXX left upper lobe opacities. The appearance XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.	XXXX-year-old male with positive PPD.
Heart size is moderately enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity XXXX demonstrated on the lateral study. There is a fracture of superior sternotomy XXXX unchanged.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Fractures, Bone / sternum	Possible right lower lobe pneumonia. Cardiomegaly	XXXX-year-old with dyspnea.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	,V72.82,305.1 preop chest x-XXXX GYN surgery. XXXX.
Finding data is null	Granuloma / lung / multiple	Mediastinal cardiac size stable. No pneumothoraces or large pleural effusions. Pulmonary granulomas. No acute pulmonary process. No acute displaced rib fractures.	chest pain
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact. There are calcified right hilar granulomas. There is mild thoracic dextroscoliosis.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / right / multiple ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female with hypertension.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Left axillary surgical clips. Bony structures are intact.	Surgical Instruments / left	No active pulmonary disease.	Six months of XXXX.
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality. .	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Unremarkable examination of the chest.	XXXX-year-old male with right upper quadrant pain.
Finding data is null	Infiltrate / lung / lingula / round	Heart size is normal. Right lung clear. There is a 3 cm nodular infiltrate in left midlung. This could represent pneumonia or a tumor. Recommend followup radiology until clear.	History of asthma. Further history from the ordering physician states that the patient has a productive XXXX and symptoms of pneumonia.
Soft tissue neck. The airway is XXXX. No laryngeal edema. Laryngeal XXXX intact. Cervical spine intact. Chest. The heart is large. Diffuse parahilar and alveolar consolidations are present. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting is present.	Cardiomegaly ; Consolidation / lung / hilum / diffuse ; Consolidation / pulmonary alveoli ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Heart Failure ; Pulmonary Edema / pulmonary alveoli ; Pleural Effusion	1. Soft tissue neck negative. 2. Chest. Heart failure with pulmonary alveolar edema and pleural effusion.	Hypoxia.
The heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with preop evaluation for rhinoplasty on XXXX.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma in the anterior left lower lobe. XXXX XXXX are intact.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left / anterior	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with kidney transplant evaluation.
Finding data is null	normal	No active disease.	XXXX XXXX Caucasian female, 14 weeks pregnant with XXXX, tachycardia, shortness of
Cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. XXXX and soft tissue are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact. Mild degenerative change of the lower thoracic spine, anterior osteophytes.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / anterior / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female, preop evaluation. Smoking history positive.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	1. No active disease. Specifically, no radiographic evidence for tuberculosis.	TB
Central vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities. Left basilar airspace opacities. No pneumothorax. Heart size XXXX large. XXXX unremarkable. No large pleural effusion.	Pulmonary Congestion ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial / diffuse ; Opacity / pulmonary alveoli / bilateral / diffuse ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Edema ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left	XXXX pulmonary edema and left basilar atelectasis/airspace disease.	XXXX-year-old female end-stage renal disease, peripheral edema and shortness of breath.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with shortness of breath, XXXX, wheezing.
There are scattered calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. Right humeral internal fixation XXXX is noted.	Calcified Granuloma / scattered / multiple ; Implanted Medical Device / humerus / right	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with polyarthralgia, evaluate for infection
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. There is calcified granuloma in the left lingula. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX, wheeze and chills.
Finding data is null	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left ; Granulomatous Disease ; Nodule / lung / base / left	Heart size is normal. Mildly tortuous aorta, otherwise mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation of pneumonia, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Couple of XXXX nodules in the left base are XXXX calcified sequela of old granulomatous disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Chest pain
The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. There is minimal patchy right lower lobe airspace disease identified. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / right / patchy / mild	1. Patchy right lower lobe airspace disease may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate.	XXXX-year-old with syncope.
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Atelectasis / upper lobe / right / mild ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / degenerative	Minimal atelectasis, platelike in the right upper lobe. Heart size upper limits normal. Degenerative spurring of thoracic spine.	History of XXXX.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. Atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic XXXX. No abnormal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable biapical lucency and apical scarring, consistent with emphysema. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Lucency / lung / apex / bilateral ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral ; Emphysema	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Shortness of breath
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. There is tortuosity the thoracic aorta. There is evidence of prior granulomatous disease. Chronic interstitial markings XXXX represents the sequela of emphysema. There is scarring in the lingula. There is no focal airspace consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The left chest wall pacemaker device with dual intracardiac leads is again noted.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Granulomatous Disease ; Markings / lung / interstitial / chronic ; Emphysema ; Cicatrix / lung / lingula ; Implanted Medical Device / left	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Chronic changes consistent with emphysema. No pneumothorax.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
Heart size is normal. Mild lung hyperexpansion. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild	No acute abnormality. .	XXXX, XXXX abdominal pain, XXXX
Chest. Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Ribs. There are no displaced rib fractures, or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. Soft tissues appear normal.	normal	Chest. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Ribs. No displaced rib fractures, or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures.	Persistent XXXX. Osteopenia and recent XXXX on left chest. Lower rib pain XXXX on a XXXX one XXXX ago
Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Trachea is midline.	normal	Normal chest exam.	XXXX-year-old chest pain.
The lungs are clear and hyperinflated. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	Lung / hyperdistention	Hyperinflated lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	SHORTNESS OF BREATH;
Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease	Chest pain.
XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal surgical clips remain in XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified with stable appearance since XXXX exam. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. Scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. The left lung appears clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Osteopenia. Mild loss of XXXX of a mid thoracic vertebral body.	Surgical Instruments / mediastinum ; Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right / scattered / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / moderate ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic	1. Minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality demonstrated. .	XXXX-year-old male with productive XXXX and congestion presents for evaluation.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest.	chest pain
Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No pulmonary nodules identified.	normal	No acute abnormality. No pulmonary nodule identified. .	XXXX-year-old XXXX with pulmonary nodule
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX Clear lungs. No effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	XXXX
The lungs are clear. There are calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are notable for an old apparent fracture at T12-L1 or congenital fusion unchanged from the prior study.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left ; Fractures, Bone / thoracic vertebrae ; Fractures, Bone / lumbar vertebrae ; Spinal Fusion / thoracic vertebrae ; Spinal Fusion / lumbar vertebrae	1. No acute pulmonary disease. 2. Possible old injury or developmental anomaly partially T12-L1.	Preop circumcision.
Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. There is left-sided XXXX central line with a XXXX lumen. Poly vasculature is within normal limits. Mediastinum is normal. Bibasilar opacity, left greater than right is appreciated. No pneumothorax.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / left ; Cardiomegaly	1. Left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. XXXX right effusion is also present. 2. Cardiomegaly without overt edema.	INDICATION data is null
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX, XXXX.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Markings / bronchovascular	Heart size mildly enlarged for technique, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior, right chest XXXX tip in the high SVC. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female, diaphoresis, short of breath
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old with pain.
There are XXXX bilateral lower lobe opacities. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There is lucency beneath the diaphragm, consistent with pneumoperitoneum. Cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / bilateral ; Lucency / diaphragm ; Pneumoperitoneum ; Surgical Instruments ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / bilateral	1. XXXX bilateral lower lobe opacities. The appearance XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. 2. Pneumoperitoneum, XXXX postoperative secondary to recent laparoscopic surgery.	XXXX-year-old female with right-sided pleuritic chest pain. Laparoscopic surgery yesterday.
Finding data is null	normal	The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Vomiting and XXXX, XXXX, chest pain for one XXXX.
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX x6 months
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. There is a discrete 1.4 cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. The additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Heart size normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. Bony structures appear intact. Right unilateral nipple ring.	Nodule / lung / lower lobe / right / anterior ; Opacity / round / multiple ; Granulomatous Disease / chronic ; Foreign Bodies / breast / right	1. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. 1.4 cm right lower lobe nodule, XXXX calcified granulomas disease. If patient high XXXX for pulmonary malignancy, consider cross-sectional imaging to verify.	XXXX-year-old female with colon sinus symptoms for 3 weeks
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain with shortness of breath
Clear lungs bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal cardiac contours	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities	XXXX-year-old female with coughing and wheezing.
No acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Prominence of superior mediastinal, XXXX superimposed structures. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild bibasilar atelectasis.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild ; Mediastinum / prominent	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX. Preop examination.
Stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. Interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe, concerning for underlying pneumonia. Stable mild background chronic interstitial changes. No evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Multilevel midthoracic degenerative changes, with prominent anterolateral marginal osteophytes.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / posterior / patchy / mild ; Lung Diseases, Interstitial / chronic / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / prominent / multiple	1. Suspected mild patchy right upper lobe pneumonia, for which clinical correlation is recommended.	XXXX-year-old male with shortness of breath.
2 images. Moderate thoracic dextroscoliosis, similar to prior imaging. Heart size is normal. No focal airspace consolidation is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / moderate	No acute changes from prior imaging.	Choking sensation.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without focal consolidation or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No layering pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen on decubitus exam.	normal	Chest x-XXXX, lateral, and decubitus. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. No evidence of pleural effusion. .	The patient is a XXXX year-old male with left-sided chest pain.
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / left / patchy / small	Small patchy left lower lobe opacity, primary differential considerations include atelectasis, infiltrate, aspiration, clinical correlation recommended. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits for technique, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Marrow pneumothorax, focal lung consolidation or pleural effusions.	No Indexing	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX, XXXX vehicle XXXX 2 XXXX ago
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly	Cardiomegaly stable. Lungs clear. No edema or effusions	History of chest pain
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain and shortness of breath for one XXXX.
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There are no focal air space opacities. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX suggesting prior granulomatous disease. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary process. .	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. There is a stable the electronic device any left anterior chest wall. There are advanced degenerative changes in the XXXX bilaterally. There is a 38 mm lucency in the right humeral head with geographic 1A margins.	Medical Device / thorax / left ; Lucency / humerus / right ; Sclerosis / humerus / right ; Cysts / humerus / right / large	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Lucent lesion with thin sclerotic margin in the right humeral head. Considering the associated degenerative changes, a large geode is most XXXX. If further imaging is desired, dedicated views of the shoulder may be helpful for further characterization.	Hypertension
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. with XXXX opacities in the lung bases, XXXX bronchovascular crowding. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion are seen.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Markings / bronchovascular	Low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities XXXX bronchovascular crowding. No acute infiltrate.	Positive PPD, hemoptysis
Finding data is null	Lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right / enlarged ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	PA and lateral views of the chest show enlarging right hilar adenopathy. The lungs appear grossly clear. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX are normal. There is no pneumothorax. Pleural spaces are clear. There is mild thoracic spine degenerative change. FINDINGS COULD REPRESENT RESOLVING HISTOPLASMOSIS INFECTION, SARCOIDOSIS, OR MALIGNANCY XXXX AS LYMPHOMA OR PRIMARY LUNG CANCER. RECOMMEND CONTRAST-ENHANCED CHEST CT FOR FURTHER EVALUATION.	XXXX
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. There are stable degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain.
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right	Heart size normal. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. Lungs are clear. No edema or effusion.	chest pain.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is bilateral basilar XXXX opacity compatible with atelectasis. There are somewhat low lung volumes. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right	Bibasilar atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old with dyspnea.
Spinal stimulator in XXXX. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Medical Device / spine ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Clear lungs.	Vaginal vault pelvic organ prolapse preop for surgery
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is a AP XXXX duct is calcified lymph node. The aorta is unfolded. Cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. Low lung volumes due to exaggerated kyphosis. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. XXXX spine spondylosis.	Calcinosis / lymph nodes ; Aorta / tortuous ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / moderate ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Kyphosis / severe ; Spondylosis ; Cardiomegaly	Cardiomegaly. No acute pulmonary disease process.	XXXX
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old with history of testicular cancer, evaluate for recurrence.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX and hemoptysis
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / patchy ; Spine / degenerative	1. Low volume study without definite acute process.	Intracranial hemorrhage
Heart size is within normal limits for AP technique. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal infiltrate. No visible pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular	Low lung volumes with grossly clear lungs.	Chest pain.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX year old male with history of productive XXXX.
There is a calcified granuloma left midlung. There is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. There are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. anterior segment of upper lobe, rounded focal density. could be XXXX lung nodule.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula ; Density / lung / upper lobe / right / anterior / round ; Opacity / lung / interstitial / prominent	Round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. This may represent XXXX pulmonary nodule. The primordial XXXX was employed to notify the referring physicians of this critical finding. .	XXXX
There your regular interstitial changes and possibly fibrosis in the left mid and lower lung zone and region of the right middle lobe. Hyperinflation is present. No focal consolidation is seen. There is no evidence for pleural effusion. The heart is not enlarged. Mediastinum is normal. There are arthritic changes of the spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Arthritis / spine ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Lung Diseases, Interstitial	XXXX of COPD and interstitial lung disease. No definite pneumonia. There does appear to be progression of changes since XXXX.	Recently diagnosed with pneumonia.
Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. Numerous bilateral rib deformities. No focal airspace disease. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or effusion. Large, flowing anterior endplate osteophytes of the thoracic spine.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Deformity / ribs / bilateral / multiple ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / anterior / multiple / large ; Emphysema	Emphysema with no acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with peripheral edema.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Negative chest .	Shortness of breath.
There is an ovoid opacity 3.5 cm in the retrocardiac area on AP view, not well-seen on the lateral view, a dedicated XXXX scan is recommended. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. The heart is normal in size. No hilar lymphadenopathy. No destructive bony lesions.	Opacity / left / retrocardiac	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. An ovoid opacity in the left retrocardiac area, could be projectional or solid mass, further study XXXX is recommended. .	INDICATION data is null
Mild cardiomegaly. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	Cardiomegaly / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Chest pain and shortness of breath
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Normal chest exam.	Chest pain shortness of breath.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Again visualized is a wedge-shaped XXXX fracture of T12.	Fractures, Bone / thoracic vertebrae	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Wedge-shaped XXXX fracture of T12.	Skilled XXXX facility, XXXX fracture of T12.
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax.	normal	Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old female with pleuritic chest pain
Lung volumes remain low. No infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary XXXX remain normal.	Lung / hypoinflation	XXXX change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.	dyspnea
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	Pre-op evaluation for cyst removal.
Heart size is enlarged but stable. Stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. Stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX with fracture of the superior-most sternotomy XXXX.. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine.	Cardiomegaly ; Granulomatous Disease ; Spine / degenerative ; Fractures, Bone / sternum	1. Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardio pulmonary process.	Short of breath
Cardiomegaly is present. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. Pacemaker is noted. Vascular calcification is seen. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Cardiomegaly ; Implanted Medical Device ; Calcinosis / blood vessels ; Spine / degenerative	1. Cardiomegaly without overt heart failure.	Shortness of breath.
The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Mediastinal contours appear normal. There's no pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	INDICATION: EVALUATE FOR METASTATIC DISEASE; Pre op for nephrectomy
A right internal jugular XXXX this catheter has been exchanged for a large XXXX left internal jugular central venous catheter with the tip at the cavoatrial junction. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Stable thoracolumbar scoliosis. No acute bone findings. Stable cardiomegaly.	Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae ; Cardiomegaly	1. Interval central catheter exchange. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with kidney transplant evaluation.
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There are calcified granulomas in the left lower lobe. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left / multiple	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
Lungs are overall hyperexpanded consistent with obstructive lung disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses are noted. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	Hyperexpanded but clear lungs.	Prostate cancer
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax, pleural effusions or focal lung consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	INDICATION: PAIN;
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.	normal	Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.	posterior right rib pain
The heart is upper limits of normal in size. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old right shoulder and back pain after a XXXX vehicle XXXX..
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Spine / degenerative	No evidence of active disease.	Chest pain
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is is a calcified XXXX opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema, hematoma, or prior TB. No cavitary lesions are seen. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.	Opacity / lung / base / left ; Calcinosis / lung / base / left	1. Clear lungs. No radiographic evidence of active TB.	XXXX-year-old male with positive PPD.
Heart size within normal limits. There is focal left lateral base airspace disease. There is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right midlung. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No displaced rib fractures. There is an apparent deformity of the right humeral surgical neck. This is not seen on the comparison. Correlate clinically with history of fracture.	Airspace Disease / lung / base / left / focal ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right / round ; Deformity / humerus / right	Left base airspace disease and nodular opacity in the right midlung.	XXXX-year-old male with pneumonia.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. Lungs are clear of focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax. There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX, without definite pleural effusion.	Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted / mild	1. Clear lungs. 2. Mildly blunted right costophrenic XXXX without definite pleural effusion.	XXXX chest pain, XXXX, history of acid reflux.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Retrocardiac soft tissue density is present. There appears to be air within this which could suggest that this represents a hiatal hernia. Vascular calcification is noted. Calcified granuloma is seen. There has been interval development of bandlike opacity in the left lung base. This may represent atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Osteopenia is present in the spine.	Density / retrocardiac ; Calcinosis / blood vessels ; Calcified Granuloma ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic / spine	1. Retrocardiac soft tissue density. The appearance suggests hiatal hernia. 2. XXXX left base bandlike opacity. The appearance suggests atelectasis.	Acute bronchitis.
The lungs are hyperaerated suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. No focal lung consolidation. No pleural effusion. No definite pneumothorax. Heart is not enlarged. Postsurgical changes with mediastinal clips and XXXX XXXX.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Surgical Instruments / mediastinum ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	COPD. No acute abnormality.	PRE OP EVALUATION -- pre op for colostomy takedown prev hx bilat pleural effusions x 6 XXXX ago, XXXX with chronic dyspnea. Left pneumothorax.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma in the left midlung. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX pain left upper back
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX onto wheelchair..
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear.	XXXX for one month bloody sputum for 3 days.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with weakness and shortness of breath. Possible dehydration.
Stable calcified hilar XXXX and granulomas. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Dyspnea
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Scattered bilateral calcified pulmonary nodules. No acute bone abnormality.	Calcinosis / lung / bilateral / scattered ; Nodule / lung / bilateral / scattered	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female, lung nodules.
The central airway is midline and is XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax seen. The osseous structures appear within normal limits.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Normal chest radiograph.	XXXX-year-old male with significant smoking history and complaints of chest pain.
The cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. No pneumothorax. No pneumonia. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes mid thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Dyspnea. Chest pain.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	normal	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX
Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and within normal limits for size with unchanged atherosclerosis and tortuosity thoracic aorta. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Stable left proximal humeral enchondroma versus remote bony infarct. Stable multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. Calcified granuloma seen anteriorly on lateral view is stable since XXXX.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Cysts / humerus / left ; Deformity / humerus / left ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple ; Calcified Granuloma / thorax	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with shortness of breath and XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	No comparisons. Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Status post coronary artery bypass grafting.	dizziness
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. Pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular	1. Pulmonary hypoinflation. Otherwise, no acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with headache.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No change in a small calcified right apical granuloma. Heart and mediastinum normal.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / apex / right / small	No active disease.	PRE-OP XXXX VENTRAL HERNIA REPAIR,COPD,XXXX,EMPHYSEMA,DYSPNEA
Postop changes of CABG with mild cardiomegaly. There is an infiltrate in the right lower lobe. Thoracic spondylosis.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / right ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	Right lower lobe infiltrate. In the appropriate clinical setting this appearance is compatible with pneumonia. Consider followup PA and lateral chest x-XXXX in 4-6 weeks to ensure resolution and exclude an underlying mass.	Esophageal carcinoma, shortness of breath in XXXX
The heart is borderline in size. The mediastinum is stable. Small calcified lymph XXXX are seen. Dual-XXXX left subclavian pacemaker is identified in satisfactory position. The right hemidiaphragm is again elevated. There are XXXX streaky areas of atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Calcinosis / lymph nodes / small ; Implanted Medical Device / left ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / streaky	1. Borderline heart size, stable. 2. Interval left subclavian pacemaker placed in satisfactory position. No pneumothorax.	ICD/PPM IMPLANT;
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Anxiety and difficulty breathing
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	Positive TB skin test.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. There is again significant thoracolumbar rotatory scoliosis. The aorta is atherosclerotic. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / severe ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / severe ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Lung / hypoinflation	Hypoinflation without acute disease.	Bladder CA f/u.
No acute osseous abnormality. The soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal appearing cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Left lower lobe XXXX density XXXX representing atelectasis. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax.	Density / lung / lower lobe / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / left	No focal lung consolidation.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with dyspnea. History of cystic fibrosis.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX, asthma, dyspnea
There is stable, mild cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. There are grossly intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal surgical clips. There is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Surgical Instruments / mediastinum	Stable chronic changes. No acute findings. .	XXXX, XXXX pain, XXXX.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes are seen in the spine.	Spine / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary process. .	Headache, XXXX, and congestion.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcifications are present in the aortic XXXX.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly, atherosclerotic disease.	Hypertension, dizzy
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female, pregnant.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Low left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy is present. This appears unchanged.	Lymph nodes / left / enlarged	1. Left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy.	Testicular carcinoma.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Right chest XXXX tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. There is again elevation of right hemidiaphragm with right-sided pleural effusion. Vague opacities are noted in the right upper lobe, XXXX from prior study. These may be related to overlying rib lesions versus true pulmonary nodules. The left lung appears grossly clear. Drainage catheter seen overlying the right upper quadrant.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Pleural Effusion / right ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right ; Airspace Disease / lung / base ; Catheters, Indwelling / abdomen / right	1. Redemonstration of elevated right hemidiaphragm with associated basilar airspace disease and effusion. 2. Ill-defined XXXX right upper lung opacities, possibly related to superimposed rib lesions versus developing pulmonary nodules. Further imaging XXXX of the chest may be indicated.	TRANSPLEURAL BILOMA XXXX, XXXX, RIGHT CHEST PAIN RADIATING TO SHOULDER, LOCULATED RIGHT EFFUSION XXXX/10 US;
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable.	normal	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Mild cardiomegaly. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Tortuosity of the descending aorta. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta / tortuous	Mild cardiomegaly.	Syncope
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. There are calcified mediastinal perihilar pulmonary nodules consistent with sequela of old granulomatous infection. No acute lung infiltrates. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum ; Nodule / lung / hilum ; Granulomatous Disease	1. No acute pulmonary disease.	Dyspnea
Clear lungs. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Syncope.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung. These may represent XXXX on end or alternatively, calcified granulomas. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Opacity / lung / right ; Density / lung / right ; Nodule / lung / right	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The chest XXXX is in satisfactory position. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	GERM CELL TUMOR BMT W/U LAB;
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. Biapical scarring noted. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral	Hyperexpanded lungs without focal air space disease.	Asthma
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate left upper lobe airspace disease most XXXX pneumonia. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Pneumonia / upper lobe / left ; Airspace Disease / lung / upper lobe / left	1. Left upper lobe pneumonia.	XXXX with XXXX
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Negative chest .	XXXX, XXXX, dyspnea
No focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There are prominent lateral osteophytes along the right aspect of the mid thoracic spine which are stable. No free subdiaphragmatic air.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / right / prominent / multiple	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old no known XXXX, left anterior chest pain. XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Chest pain.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Negative chest .	Chest pain
Moderate cardiomegaly. Bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Opacity / lung / hilum / interstitial ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial / mild	Cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old male with shortness of breath.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.	chest pain
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. The patient was shielded.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with hemoptysis.
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact. Stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left	Stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX loss and XXXX.
Chest. Right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. Consolidation and atelectasis are present in the right lung base. Left lung is clear. No pleural air collections. Shoulder and clavicle. Fractures present in the right scapula the base of the glenoid process. It is attached to the coracoid process and a portion of the spine. The humeral head is located within the glenoid articular surface. Cutaneous air is present. Fracture is present in the posterior portion of the right 3rd rib. The acromioclavicular joint and coracoclavicular joints are widened.	Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Consolidation / lung / base / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / right	1. Chest. Continued right hemidiaphragm elevation with right lower lobe airspace disease. 2. Right shoulder. Scapular fracture. 3. Clavicle. Acromioclavicular separation.	scapula fx
Heart size near top normal limits for technique. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process.	Nodule / lung / lower lobe / left ; Density / lung / lower lobe / left ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old male XXXX chest pain
The heart is mildly enlarged. Lung volumes are low. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. There is no free air under the diaphragm. There is a mild amount of XXXX seen in the transverse colon.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Lung / hypoinflation	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old woman with abdominal pain
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	Scleroderma
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Scattered XXXX of left base atelectasis are noted. Left XXXX-a-XXXX is in XXXX with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / scattered ; Catheters, Indwelling	1. XXXX of left base atelectasis. Otherwise, clear.	Ovarian carcinoma.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute process.	Hypercalcemia
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted. Scattered calcified granulomas are seen without evidence of active granulomatous/tuberculous process. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right / mild ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Calcified Granuloma / scattered	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman, prior to Enbrel therapy..
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula ; Calcinosis / aorta	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Stable 5 mm calcified left midlung granuloma. Calcified aortic XXXX.	bronchitis. XXXX. XXXX. XXXX. Dyspnea.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	worsening XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are calcifications projecting of the left midlung, unchanged from prior, this is is XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. There are small T-spine osteophytes.	Calcinosis / lung / lingula ; Granulomatous Disease ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple / small	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Status post XXXX repair.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. There has been interval removal of right chest tube with increased elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and XXXX right basilar atelectasis. Left basilar consolidation and pleural effusions seen. No XXXX focal consolidation or pneumothorax. There is a stable left PICC with tip overlying the mid SVC and large XXXX feeding tube courses below the diaphragm.	Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Consolidation / lung / base / left ; Pleural Effusion / base / left ; Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Tube, Inserted / large ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left	1. Increased elevation right hemidiaphragm with right basilar atelectasis. Left basilar airspace disease and pleural effusion unchanged. 2. Interval removal of right chest tube, no pneumothorax. .	XXXX-year-old female, status post chest tube removal.
Right XXXX-A-XXXX tip overlies the mid SVC. Similar bronchiectatic changes with diffuse patchy airspace opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Opacity / lung / diffuse / patchy ; Cystic Fibrosis ; Bronchiectasis	Similar exam with changes of cystic fibrosis. No XXXX focal abnormality. .	Cystic fibrosis exacerbation.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The patient is status post CABG. A few XXXX opacities are present in the left base, the appearance which XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Opacity / lung / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Spine / degenerative	1. XXXX opacities in the left base, the appearance which XXXX scarring or atelectasis. Otherwise, clear.	Bone marrow transplant workup.
Lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. Calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged from prior. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bony thorax intact.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	No known XXXX, history of asthma, recent XXXX with tenderness and chest from XXXX.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No displaced rib fractures visualized. .	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain.
Heart size normal. Tortuous aorta. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Hyperinflated lungs. The otherwise lungs are clear. The bilateral apices are partially excluded from the XXXX-of-view. There is the interval fixation of the right humeral fracture, XXXX appears grossly intact. Osteopenia. Exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine.	Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes ; Granulomatous Disease ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic ; Fractures, Bone / humerus ; Lung / apex / bilateral / obscured ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae / severe	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX year old female with dyspnea.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.	Lung / hypoinflation	Low lung volumes, otherwise clear.	XXXX-year-old female. Chest pain.
Borderline cardiomegaly. Midline sternotomy XXXX. Enlarged pulmonary arteries. Clear lungs. Inferior XXXX XXXX XXXX.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Pulmonary Artery / enlarged	No acute pulmonary findings.	Preop bariatric surgery.
3 images. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged, but stable. Stable moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Prior sternotomy and mediastinal surgery. Right upper extremity PICC terminates at the cavoatrial junction. No consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Large left upper quadrant splenic calcifications noted, stable from prior.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / moderate ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Calcinosis / abdomen / left / large ; Cardiomegaly	Cardiomegaly. Thoracic aortic atherosclerosis.	XXXX.
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, specifically no evidence for acute tuberculosis.	Positive PPD
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Upper back pain, hoarseness, history of chronic pancreatitis and asthma
The lungs are clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The Heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.	normal	No Acute cardiopulmonary disease.	MVA, pain
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. XXXX XXXX of the spine.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	Chest pain
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	XXXX and dyspnea.
Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. Bibasilar atelectasis/infiltrate. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Left chest XXXX with associated central venous catheter tip overlying the cavoatrial junction.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Infiltrate / lung / base / bilateral ; Catheters, Indwelling / left	1. Bibasilar atelectasis/infiltrate. Improved from prior.	XXXX cell, and back pain
There is stable cardiomegaly with XXXX pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. There are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease, right greater than left. There is no pneumothorax. There are no acute bony findings.	Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial / mild ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral	1. Cardiomegaly, vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. 2. Bibasilar airspace disease, bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left.	Shortness of breath. Unable to XXXX XXXX for lateral view.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX onset chest pain..
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable XXXX opacity in the left base, XXXX scarring or atelectasis. Rounded calcified density in the left lung base, XXXX calcified granuloma. No XXXX consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the spine.	Opacity / lung / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left / round ; Spine / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with dyspnea.
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. Probable old lateral right rib fractures.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / right	There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified lymph XXXX and granuloma are noted. Mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Calcified Granuloma ; Spine / degenerative / mild ; Calcinosis / lymph nodes	1. No evidence of active disease.	XXXX examination.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a left lung calcified granuloma noted. There has been resolution of the left-sided airspace disease.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / left	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with shortness of breath and weakness. Hypertension. Diabetes.
Negative for cardiac enlargement. Negative for vascular congestion. There are several small circular opacities in the right upper lung, some of which are centrally lucent. Negative for bony abnormality.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / round / multiple / small ; Lucency / lung / upper lobe / right / round / multiple / small	Multiple round opacities in the right upper lobe measuring up to 7 mm. Exact etiology of these is unclear.	This is a XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain. History of recent pneumomediastinum.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX loss, XXXX
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable right lower lobe calcified granulomas. Thin XXXX lingular scar, unchanged. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Surgical clips are visualized in the right upper quadrant.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right / multiple ; Cicatrix / lung / lingula / small ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Midsternal chest pain radiating to the anterior left chest.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Chest pain
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits for technique, no typical mediastinal widening of vascular injury. No pleural line of pneumothorax.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular	Limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX, MVA
Lucency crosses the 10th left posterior rib. Visualized portions of the thoracic spine are unremarkable. Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	Lucency / ribs / left / posterior	Question of posterior 10 rib fracture, correlate with XXXX tenderness.	XXXX vehicle XXXX 2 XXXX ago
Stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. No definite pleural effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony abnormality.	Cardiomegaly ; Lung / hypoinflation / severe ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	Limited examination with stable cardiomegaly and low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain and shortness of breath..
Enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Low lung volumes. Relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. XXXX left base density. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Density / lung / base / left ; Cardiomegaly ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / mild	Cardiomegaly without heart failure. Minimal XXXX left basilar scarring/atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old. Chest pain.
Finding data is null	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / patchy / streaky ; Cicatrix / lung / base / bilateral / patchy / streaky ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / posterior / blunted	1. Low lung volumes 2. Patchy and streaky bibasilar atelectasis or scarring, unchanged from prior study 3. Blunting of the costophrenic XXXX suggestive of small pleural effusions. This is seen XXXX in the posterior costophrenic recesses 4. Esophagogastric to the in XXXX, the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study. Previously noted esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed 5. Previously noted left-sided PICC line has been removed.	XXXX PLEURAL EFFUSION SEEN ON XXXX;
Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. No consolidative airspace opacities. No radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, abdominal pain and vomiting.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Stable scarring in the right lung apex.	Cicatrix / lung / apex / right	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly	Cardiomegaly. No pulmonary edema. No parenchymal infiltrates. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of acute or pulmonary disease.	CARDIOMYOPATHY; heart tx evaluation. chf hypertension.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX and XXXX for 3 days
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest.	CLL XXXX UP;
The lungs are clear. There are calcified granulomas. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	Calcified Granuloma / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Testis cancer
There is mild XXXX mentally without pulmonary edema. Tortuous thoracic aorta, unchanged. Stable positioning of the dual-XXXX cardiac XXXX device. No visible pneumothorax. There is a small left pleural effusion. Focal airspace consolidation is visualized in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, XXXX appreciated on lateral projection. Increased retrosternal clear space suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.	Consolidation / lung / lower lobe / left / focal ; Pneumonia / lower lobe / left ; Pleural Effusion / left / small ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Implanted Medical Device	1. Left lower lobe, superior segment, airspace consolidation, radiographic appearance most typical for pneumonia. Based on patient's age, a followup chest x-XXXX to document resolution is recommended. 2. XXXX left parapneumonic pleural effusion.	Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Chest pain
Sternotomy XXXX are present. Patient has XXXX cardiac valve replacement. Atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. No focal infiltrate. Heart size is normal. Stable ectatic aorta. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. There is a stable XXXX deformity of T7. However, there is XXXX loss of vertebral body XXXX at T9 compared XXXX thorax from XXXX.	Implanted Medical Device / heart ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Aorta / tortuous ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. XXXX deformities of T7 and T9. T9 is XXXX compared to XXXX thorax from XXXX.	dyspnea
Cardiomegaly is present. There is interstitial pulmonary edema with the presence of XXXX B-lines. There is no pneumothorax. There is an oval, 17 mm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior left 5th and 6th ribs. There is a 10 mm nodular density projecting over the right posterior 4th rib. There is a XXXX posterior effusion. Normal mediastinal silhouette. T-spine osteophytes.	Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial / mild ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple ; Pleural Effusion / posterior ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / round / multiple ; Density / lung / right / round	1. Cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema and XXXX posterior pleural effusion. 2. 17 mm nodular opacity in the left lung and 10 mm nodular opacity in the right lung. These lesions are XXXX and could be followed up radiographically after treatment of edema, or could be further characterized with CT.	Dyspnea and edema.
Heart size and vascularity are normal. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Degenerative change of the spine. No pneumothorax.	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Spine / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Dyspnea and right-sided arm numbness
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is a focal area of scarring or XXXX atelectasis identified in the lingula. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	Cicatrix / lung / lingula / focal ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula	Focal area of XXXX scarring or atelectasis within the lingula. No acute pulmonary process.	XXXX year old XXXX for a XXXX.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Right XXXX-a-XXXX remains in XXXX.	No Indexing	1. No evidence of active disease.	ALL. Bone marrow transplant evaluation.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. There are severe arthritic changes of the XXXX with mild arthritic changes of the thoracic spine.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis / thoracic vertebrae / mild ; Arthritis / severe	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX and congestion
No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Granulomas are seen within the right lung. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace consolidation.	Granuloma / lung / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. There is aortic XXXX vascular calcification. And there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. There are vascular and skeletal senescent changes.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / left	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	Withdrawal from Xanax.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. Overlying EKG leads.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic / thoracic vertebrae ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Medical Device	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. .	XXXX-year-old male with productive XXXX.
Borderline enlarged heart size. Atherosclerosis of the aortic XXXX. Calcified subcarinal lymph XXXX. Left anterior chest wall pacemaker/defibrillator. Right apical fibronodular pleural scarring/thickening. Scattered interstitial densities without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Calcinosis / trachea, carina / lymph nodes ; Implanted Medical Device / left ; Thickening / pleura / apex / right / round ; Cicatrix / pleura / apex / right / round ; Nodule / lung / apex / right / round ; Density / lung / interstitial / scattered ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	Borderline cardiomegaly without heart failure. No focal pneumonia.	XXXX-year-old male. Leukocytosis. Chest pain.
Single view of chest was obtained in AP projection. Limited study secondary to body habitus. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	XXXX
There is a stable closure device projected over the heart. The heart and mediastinum are otherwise normal. There is stable XXXX scarring of left mid lung. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no infiltrate, effusion, mass or pneumothorax.	Implanted Medical Device / heart ; Cicatrix / lung / lingula	Stable appearance of the chest	XXXX
Finding data is null	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Opacity / lung / hilum / left ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Density / lung / left / multiple ; Nodule / lung / left / multiple ; Implanted Medical Device / abdomen / right	Heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Hyperinflated lungs with XXXX left perihilar and bibasilar opacities which may be compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. Otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodules in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. Right upper abdominal coiled artifacts, question prior embolization procedure.	XXXX-year-old male, out of of meds, chest pain
The lungs are hyperexpanded, with flattened diaphragms. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and stable from prior exam. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Pulmonary Emphysema	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Chronic changes consistent with emphysema.	XXXX-year-old woman with dyspnea.
The heart size is within normal limits. Mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. An accessory azygos fissure is noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Opacity / lung / base / left / streaky / mild ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left / streaky / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis ; Lung / azygos lobe	Mild streaky left basilar airspace disease, XXXX atelectasis. .	XXXX-year-old XXXX at XXXX for aspiration.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Extremity tingling.
Finding data is null	Granuloma / ribs / right / posterior ; Opacity / ribs / right / posterior / round	Heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Mild right apex curvature of the upper thoracic spine is nonspecific and could be related to patient positioning. Nodular opacity projecting over the posterior right 9th rib and XXXX reflects granuloma.	XXXX
Heart size is normal. Mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	Clear lungs, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Abdominal pain, nonproductive XXXX.
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .	XXXX-year-old male with pain.
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX heartbeat and dizziness
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	chest pain
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	toothache and chest XXXX
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / aorta ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	Stable normal heart size. Calcified aorta. Eventration right diaphragm. Scarring in the pulmonary apices. No acute findings. Thoracic spondylosis.	XXXX physical
Heart size normal. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. No bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX.
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Dyspnea.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute findings.	Two weeks of coughing
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. A few bandlike opacities are present on the lateral view which appear to represent small areas of scarring. Surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Opacity ; Cicatrix / mild ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right ; Spine / degenerative	1. No evidence of active disease.	Backache, asthma.
Borderline enlarged heart. Pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Possible right shoulder calcific tendinitis. Calcifications of the abdominal aorta are seen.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Calcinosis / aorta	1. Borderline enlarged heart without acute abnormality.	Liver failure.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph XXXX. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis	No acute pulmonary disease.	Chest pain due to indigestion.
Minimally increased XXXX airspace opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. Heart size is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral	Minimally increased air space opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. Findings are nonspecific, but may represent subsegmental atelectasis versus mild interstitial edema or an atypical infectious process.	XXXX-year-old with shortness of breath
The heart size is within normal limits. Trachea is midline. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is focal consolidation in the posterior segment of the right lower lobe. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.	Consolidation / lung / lower lobe / right / posterior / focal ; Pneumonia / lower lobe / right	Right lower lobe pneumonia.	XXXX, XXXX.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	chest pain
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chronic appearing right mid clavicle injury. Visualized bony structures otherwise unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX, XXXX and shortness of breath
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.	normal	Normal chest x-XXXX.	Positive TB test
Left XXXX XXXX noted with tip approximating the high SVC, stable. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal limits. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.	Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old female, bone marrow transplant workup.
Heart size is normal. Right lung is clear. Granulomatous disease in the bilateral. Subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lung. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.	Granulomatous Disease ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / left	Subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lobe.	Sore throat. XXXX. Chest pain.
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Degenerative changes of the XXXX. Tortuous aorta.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Aorta / tortuous	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old with history of edema.
Finding data is null	Granuloma / lung / hilum / right / scattered / multiple ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / apex / right ; Costophrenic Angle / left / blunted / chronic	Heart size is normal. Scattered right hilar granulomas and calcified 8mm right apical granuloma. Resolution of right effusion and infiltrate. Stable chronic blunting of the lateral left costophrenic XXXX.	dyspnea
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality identified.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old XXXX with abdominal pain, cramping, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, dehydration. Chest pain and shortness of breath..
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain and shortness of breath.
The heart is normal in size. There is right paratracheal density concerning for lymphadenopathy. There are patchy right upper lobe streaky opacities. The remainder of the lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion.	Density / right / paratracheal ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / patchy / streaky	Patchy opacities in right upper lobe, concerning for pneumonia, given history. Right paratracheal density possibly reactive lymphadenopathy. Followup evaluation to resolution is recommended.	XXXX,XXXX
Lung volumes are low. Prominent increased interstitial markings in both lungs are unchanged in the interval. Bullae are present both upper lobes, right worse than left. No pleural air collections. Heart size normal.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / lung / bilateral / interstitial / prominent ; Blister / lung / upper lobe / bilateral ; Lung Diseases, Interstitial / chronic	Chronic interstitial and bullous disease. No acute findings.	rib pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardiomegaly is noted and is stable compared to prior examination from XXXX. Stable right basilar calcified granuloma. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	Cardiomegaly ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right	Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old XXXX with dyspnea, XXXX history of pulmonary fibrosis..
The heart is normal in size. There is bihilar prominence. The lungs are clear.	Lung / hilum / bilateral / prominent	Bihilar prominence may be secondary mild lymphoid enlargement. Followup chest x-XXXX versus further imaging XXXX may be indicated. Correlation with prior films would be helpful if available.	postmenopausal bleeding cxr XXXX 786.2
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Negative chest.	XXXX
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX-year-old female with syncope
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / aorta	Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. Calcified aortic XXXX.	History of dyspnea
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. There are extensive fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea, similar to the previous exam. The left lung is well-aerated without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. There is left apical pleural-parenchymal scarring. No acute bony findings.	Pulmonary Fibrosis / right / severe ; Shift / trachea / right ; Cicatrix / pleura / apex / left ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / left	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Extensive fibrotic changes of the right lung, similar to the previous exam.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old female, preoperative.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Hemoptysis
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is a within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Multiple granulomas. No acute bony abnormalities.	Granuloma / multiple	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. No acute bony abnormalities. If there is continued concern for occult fracture, consider dedicated rib series. .	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, pain in the left lower ribs.
Finding data is null	No Indexing	Heart size is at upper limits normal. Mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Left chest wall changes suggest prior thoracotomy. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No focal airspace consolidation.	Lightheadedness, shaking, numbness in XXXX
Surgical clips within the right upper quadrant. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.	Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Upper thorax is poorly visualized due to patient's overlying head and chin. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Background of mild coarse interstitial opacities seen throughout the lungs XXXX related to background of emphysema. Calcified granuloma is seen in the left medial lung base. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Deformity of the right 6th rib laterally has appearance of acute or subacute fracture. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are again seen.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial / mild ; Emphysema ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left ; Deformity / ribs / right ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / right ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Age indeterminant but XXXX acute to subacute right 6th rib fracture.	Generalized weakness.
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormalities are identified.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX, right lower lobe rales..
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are a few scattered calcified granulomas. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.	Calcified Granuloma / scattered / multiple	No evidence of active disease.	INDICATION data is null
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with wheezing.
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX x3 weeks
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There has been a XXXX XXXX sternotomy. The heart is not enlarged. Some atherosclerotic changes of the aorta are seen. The skeletal structures are normal.	Atherosclerosis / aorta	No acute pulmonary disease.	Dizziness for XXXX few months
Finding data is null	Pleural Effusion / costophrenic angle / left ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left / mild ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Aorta / enlarged / tortuous	XXXX left effusion in the left lateral costophrenic recess. Minimal residual left lung base airspace disease. Stable heart size, moderately enlarged and tortuous calcified aorta. Clear right lung.	Pneumonia one XXXX ago with left-sided crackles
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain for 2 days. Productive XXXX. XXXX
Again, the patient is mildly rotated, and there is a mild XXXX curvature of the thoracic spine. Stable borderline cardiac enlargement. In the left lower lobe on the lateral view, there appears to be some patchy airspace disease which is probably mostly atelectasis from an elevated left diaphragm. The be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. No significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is an extensive fusion of the posterior cervical spine.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / mild ; Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae / posterior / severe ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left / patchy ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left	Underinflated lungs with elevation of the left diaphragm and patchy airspace disease in the left base, probably mostly atelectasis. It would be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. No pleural effusion.	Hypoxemia
No The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are T-spine osteophytes.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Fatigue, low hemoglobin, shortness of breath.
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. XXXX calcified granuloma seen. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Calcified Granuloma	1. No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Lung volumes remain low. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.	Lung / hypoinflation	Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
Portable frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette, central airways, pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation or pleural effusion.	Medical Device	No acute intrathoracic disease.	Dizziness and hand numbness.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	normal	Clear lungs.	chest pain
Finding data is null	Catheters, Indwelling / left	There is a left IJ tunneled for catheter tip near the caval atrial junction. The heart size is normal. Mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. No edema. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pulmonary mass seen.	To infection and XXXX. Left-sided throat pain. Recently diagnosed with breast cancer.
The tracheostomy tube is in stable position. Right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower SVC. The left upper extremity PICC tip is in the mid SVC. Surgical XXXX overlie the soft tissues of the neck. The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	Tube, Inserted / trachea ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Surgical Instruments / neck	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX-year-old, rule out neck abscess.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX and occasional XXXX for 2 weeks.
There is mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta. Mildly low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The XXXX XXXX are intact and without acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta / tortuous ; Lung / hypoinflation / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	Chest radiograph. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with shortness of breath
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules or adenopathy identified.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	Testicular carcinoma
Heart size within normal limits. Mild XXXX left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Tortuous aorta. Hiatal hernia.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / upper lobe / left / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / left / mild ; Aorta / tortuous ; Hernia, Hiatal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX, XXXX, shortness of breath.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with shortness of breath.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Hypertension.
There is hyperexpansion with mild flattening of diaphragm. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. Contrast retained within the renal collecting XXXX.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened / mild ; Emphysema ; Contrast Media / abdomen	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Emphysematous changes 3. Retained contrast within the renal collecting XXXX.	INDICATION data is null
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / base / right / reticular / multiple ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right	Anticipated senescent changes with grossly clear lungs. No effusions or CHF identified. A few scant reticular opacities in right lung base XXXX hypoventilation and foci of subsegmental atelectasis. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.	syncope
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.	normal	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	XXXX and XXXX symptoms for one XXXX. The patient's lower abdomen was shielded for this exam.
The lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Calcified granuloma is identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Calcified Granuloma	1. Hyperexpanded lungs. The pattern suggests emphysema. 2. No evidence of acute disease.	Dyspnea on exertion.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Chest pain, upper stomach pain.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is slight elevation of left hemidiaphragm with XXXX left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear.	Diaphragm / left / elevated / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left	No acute disease.	XXXX;
Heart size normal. Tortuous aorta. Sequela primary granulomatous disease. Lungs clear. Minimal spurring in the thoracic spine.	Aorta / tortuous ; Granulomatous Disease ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old chest pain.
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is stable lucency in the right mid clavicle dating back to XXXX.	Lucency / clavicle / right	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	XXXX removed right-sided of face
Stable mild rightward curvature of the thoracic spine. Heart size is normal. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX year old female with XXXX for 3 years.
Mild cardiomegaly. Changes of chronic lung disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Accentuated thoracic kyphosis.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae / severe	Chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female shortness of breath and bilateral lower extremity edema.
Compared to prior examination from XXXX, there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube. Stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. Left basilar opacity XXXX represents chronic fibrosis/scar. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.	Cardiomegaly ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / right / mild ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / mild ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Fibrosis / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left	Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain and shortness of breath..
Severe emphysematous disease is again noted. Multifocal areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal.	Emphysema / severe ; Cicatrix / lung / focal / multiple	Stable findings consistent with severe emphysema. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old XXXX and migraine.
Calcified thoracic aorta. Mild rightward deviation of the trachea, unchanged from comparison XXXX, XXXX secondary to a goiter. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. Advanced degenerative change of the thoracic spine.	Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic ; Shift / trachea / right / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / severe	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female, preoperative evaluation.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old chest pain, XXXX, sore throat.
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Calcified bilateral lung and perihilar granulomas. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. XXXX XXXX are intact without acute osseous abnormality.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / bilateral / multiple ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / multiple	Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX.
Chest: Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Hyperlucent apices. Negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Healed remote left 9th rib fracture. Right shoulder: Negative for fracture or dislocation.	Lung, Hyperlucent / apex / bilateral ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / healed	Chest. Right shoulder. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Negative for right shoulder fracture or dislocation.	XXXX, shoulder pain
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	Shortness of breath.
Cardiac silhouette is unchanged. Aorta is calcified ectatic and tortuous. No pneumothorax. Basilar reticular opacities XXXX represent chronic scarring or atelectasis. There is a hiatal hernia.	Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Opacity / lung / base ; Cicatrix / lung / base ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base ; Hernia, Hiatal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	UTI.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest tightness
There is some minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal for age. There is some arthritic changes of the skeletal structures and there has been previous rotator XXXX repair on the right.	Opacity / lung / base / left / patchy / mild ; Arthritis ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left / chronic	Minimal left basilar opacity most XXXX representing atelectasis or chronic scarring.	Frequent XXXX. History emphysema.
No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.	No Indexing	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Dyspnea and XXXX
There is a right upper lobe opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right ; Pneumonia / upper lobe / right	Right upper lobe pneumonia.	INDICATION data is null
Negative for cardiac enlargement. Negative for vascular congestion. Negative for focal confluent airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax. A few scattered calcified granulomas are identified.	Calcified Granuloma / scattered / multiple	No acute cardiothoracic abnormality.	This is a XXXX-year-old XXXX with diarrhea and abdominal pain with history of smoking.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	Lung / hyperdistention	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with workup for XXXX loss and history tobacco use.
Bilateral calcified granulomas stable compared to prior examination, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormality identified.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / bilateral / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with tobacco use, XXXX loss.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild right basilar atelectasis and relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm noted. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right / mild ; Diaphragm / right / elevated	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. There is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view, suggestive of small hiatal hernia. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine seen.	Lucency / round ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Hernia, Hiatal / small	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Small hiatal hernia noted.	XXXX year-old woman, routine physical.
Heart and mediastinal contour normal. Pulmonary vascularity normal. Lungs clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.	normal	Normal chest.	Throat and lung pain with breathing
There is a large calcified granuloma in the right apex. Mild patchy opacities are seen in the upper lung zones bilaterally similar to prior studies. The heart and mediastinum are normal. Scoliosis and arthritic changes of the spine are present.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / apex / right / large ; Opacity / lung / apex / bilateral / patchy / mild ; Scoliosis ; Arthritis / spine	Persistent and biapical opacities. No acute pulmonary disease identified.	Right lower extremity infection and hypoxia
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Chest pain for one XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	XXXX and XXXX symptoms
Chest. Normal heart size. Mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No focal infiltrates or masses. No pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid. No free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm. Osseous structures unremarkable. Abdomen: There are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction. No air-fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air. No suspicious calcifications. There is XXXX XXXX curvature of the thoracolumbar spine. Otherwise the osseous structures are grossly unremarkable.	normal	1. Chest. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Abdomen. Nonobstructive bowel XXXX pattern.	XXXX-year-old male who complains of XXXX with inhalation and left-sided chest pain, left mid quadrant pain, concern for stones.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	cp
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	chest pain
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Tube, Inserted / trachea, carina ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left / severe	Borderline heart size. Elevated left diaphragm. Clear right lung. Tracheostomy tube tip above the carina. Extensive airspace disease in the left base. No large effusion or pneumothorax.	XXXX, hypoxia.
Heart size is normal lungs are clear. No edema or effusions.	normal	Heart size is normal lungs are clear. No edema or effusions.	chest pain and nausea.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is a vague area of airspace disease identified within the right midlung on the PA view. This is not well-demonstrated on the lateral view. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	Airspace Disease / lung / middle lobe / right / focal	Vague area of focal airspace disease within the right midlung. There is raises concern for pneumonia. Recommend followup after appropriate treatment to document complete resolution.	XXXX year old XXXX and sore throat.
Heart size is enlarged. Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged since previous exam. There is blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX XXXX old pleural scar. Lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. A left upper lobe granuloma appears unchanged. There is kyphosis of the thoracic spine with anterior osteophyte formations. Aortic ectasia is seen in the ascending aorta and the XXXX.	Cardiomegaly ; Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted ; Cicatrix / pleura / right ; Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / anterior / multiple ; Aorta / tortuous	1. Cardiomegaly without failure 2. Ectatic aorta	chest pain with dyspnea
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved. Right chest wall surgical XXXX have been removed. There is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual XXXX opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis.	Opacity / lung / base / mild ; Cicatrix / lung ; Pulmonary Atelectasis	Mild XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with residual atelectasis/scarring.	Esophageal cancer
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. The patient is mildly rotated. No focal consolidations, pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute displaced fractures.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No acute displaced fractures.	XXXX year old male with rib XXXX pain.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear.	chest pain
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are increased lucencies in the bilateral apices along with horizontal oblique scarring in the left upper lobe. This could suggest emphysematous bullae. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.	Lung, Hyperlucent / apex / bilateral ; Lucency / lung / apex / bilateral ; Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / left	1. No active disease.	XXXX-year-old male for preop XXXX of subclavian arterial stent.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is a slight XXXX deformity of the lower thoracic body which is age-indeterminate.	Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	Age-indeterminate lower thoracic slight XXXX deformity otherwise negative exam.	XXXX-year-old with scheduled hip replacement. Surgical XXXX radiographs.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. Visualized bony structures are normal.	normal	Normal chest x-XXXX.	headache.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. Increased XXXX opacities on lateral projection XXXX reflect bronchovascular crowding. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Opacity	No acute disease.	HYPERTENSION; preop hernia repair
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. There is no focal consolidation. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild dextroscoliosis of the spine. Prior anterior cervical fusion.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Scoliosis / right / mild ; Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae / anterior ; Emphysema	Emphysema without superimposed pneumonia.	Shortness of breath
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Calcified granuloma right midlung. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Persistent XXXX, nonsmoker
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / mild	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Minimal platelike atelectasis left base.	chest pain
Heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is right basilar air space opacity.	Opacity / lung / base / right ; Pneumonia / middle lobe / right ; Pneumonia / lower lobe / right	Right middle lobe and lower lobe pneumonia. Followup radiographs in 8-12 weeks after appropriate therapy are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with hypertension and XXXX for one XXXX.
Lungs are clear. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. There are significant degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / moderate	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Specifically, no evidence of pleural effusion or hilar or mediastinal adenopathy.	XXXX-year-old female, followup pleural effusion and lymphadenopathy.
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / patchy ; Pneumonia / base / bilateral / patchy ; Lung / hypoinflation	1. Patchy bilateral opacities, primarily in the lung bases, whose features are most consistent with pneumonia. Aspiration or edema are also possible but less XXXX. 2. XXXX lung volumes 3. No pneumothorax	Shortness of breath
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male. Chest pain.
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. A dense nodule in the right base suggest a previous granulomatous process. Heart size within normal limits, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Nodule / lung / base / right ; Density / lung / base / right	Low lung volumes with no definite acute findings.	XXXX-year-old female, dyspnea
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old left anterior chest pain today.
There extremely low lung volumes. there is right basilar opacity. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.	Lung / hypoinflation / severe ; Opacity / lung / base / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right	Low lung volumes with right basilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Dizziness, hypoxia.
No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace opacities. No definite visualized rib fractures.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No visualized rib fractures.	XXXX-year-old female, evaluate for rib fractures post XXXX
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX
Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits given AP projection. The right lung appears clear. There is minimal patchy atelectasis or early infiltrate in left lung base. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a partially visualized IVC XXXX on the lateral view. There are partially visualized surgical changes the cervical spine compatible with prior fusion procedure.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / patchy / mild ; Infiltrate / lung / base / left / mild ; Catheters, Indwelling ; Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae	Minimal patchy left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate.	XXXX
The heart is normal in size. Prominent right paratracheal soft tissue density. Rounded mass in the right middle lobe measures approximately 4.6 cm x 3.7 cm. There is mild surrounding airspace disease and/or atelectasis. No pleural effusions noted. The visualized bony thorax appears grossly intact.	Density / right / paratracheal / prominent / mild ; Mass / lung / middle lobe / right / round ; Airspace Disease / lung / middle lobe / right / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right	Right mid lung mass with mild right paratracheal soft tissue may be secondary to associated lymphadenopathy. Further imaging with CT of the chest is recommended.	right shoulder pain cxr sob
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is patchy airspace disease in the right lower lobe. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / right / patchy ; Pneumonia / lower lobe / right	Patchy, right lower lobe airspace disease. This XXXX represents pneumonia. Recommend followup radiographs to ensure resolution.	XXXX, shortness of breath, pain.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary nodules identified. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	normal	Clear lungs.	Patient with suspected Colon Cancer at XXXX stage
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. Cardiac defibrillator leads are stable.	Surgical Instruments	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Dyspnea, shortness of breath, abdominal pain.
The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. Patchy opacities are demonstrated in the left lung base. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Opacity / lung / base / left / patchy ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / patchy ; Infiltrate / lung / base / left / patchy ; Pleural Effusion / left / small	1. Patchy left basilar subsegmental atelectasis, infiltrates and/or small left pleural effusion. .	XXXX-year-old male with congestion presents for evaluation.
The cardiac silhouette measures near upper limits of normal in size. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is stable eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	Diaphragmatic Eventration / right / anterior	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Heart XXXX, left anterior substernal chest pain.
Finding data is null	normal	Winged right scapula consistent with supporting structure soft tissue injury. No visible fractures. No visible cardiopulmonary injury.	shoulder dislocation
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX, shortness breath, and asthma.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. Stable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. There is redemonstration without significant interval change of mild subsegmental atelectasis of the left base. Pneumonia seen on CT examination dated XXXX, XXXX (not seen on prior chest x-XXXX) is not seen either on XXXX chest x-XXXX.	Diaphragmatic Eventration / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old male with pneumonia..
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no focal air space consolidation to suggest acute pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Rule out TB
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and unchanged from prior examinations with sternotomy XXXX and surgical clips overlying. There is blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX which appears unchanged from prior examination and may be secondary to scarring or pleural thickening of the right lung base. There is no evidence of acute infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	Surgical Instruments / mediastinum ; Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted ; Lung / hyperdistention	1. Hyperexpanded lung XXXX. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Shortness of breath.
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX year old male with low blood XXXX, dyspnea.
Finding data is null	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Calcinosis / lung / right ; Nodule / lung / right / multiple	Considering differences in technical factors XXXX stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Calcified right lung nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female, dyspnea
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / interstitial / mild	Heart size normal and lungs are relatively clear. There is minimal underlying interstitial opacities. This is markedly improved compared to prior exam	dyspnea
Right jugular XXXX catheter present with tip overlying the lower SVC. Curvilinear density projecting over the upper chest appears external on the lateral projection. Correlate clinically. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. XXXX scar/subsegmental atelectasis in the lingula. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Density / thorax ; Cicatrix / lung / lingula ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula ; Spine / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX, history of breast cancer
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	chronic XXXX
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. The patient was shielded.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX chest pain.
Finding data is null	normal	The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. The lungs appear to be clear of any focal infiltrates. Osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. No pneumothorax is seen. No free air is appreciated beneath hemidiaphragms.	This is a XXXX-year-old male patient with complaints of chest pain.
Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes within the spine. There are expansile changes within the right clavicle which were seen on the previous XXXX/CT. Findings are consistent with changes of multiple myeloma.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Spine / degenerative ; Deformity / clavicle / right	Clear lungs.	History of pulmonary embolus 6 weeks ago.
Two views of chest was obtained in AP projection. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate segmental air space disease within the left lower lobe. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is evidence of CABG.	Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / left	1. Left lower lobe airspace disease suspicious for pneumonia.	XXXX
Finding data is null	normal	Stable heart size, mediastinal silhouette. No overt edema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Chest pain and weakness
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.	No Indexing	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX and XXXX for one XXXX.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	Preop bariatric surgery
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX.
Finding data is null	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Aorta / tortuous ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / base / left	Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Tortuous aorta. Low lung volumes and left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis. No overt edema. Question small right pleural effusion versus pleural thickening. No visible pneumothorax.	Increased XXXX XXXX
No gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. No pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX XXXX is intact.	normal	1. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Chest pain status post MVA. Male, 53 years.
Finding data is null	Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Calcinosis / bronchi / diffuse ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic ; Cervical Vertebrae / degenerative ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	Left PICC line tip near junction of brachiocephalic vein and SVC; repositioning with a slight advancement may be helpful. There is a tortuous atherosclerotic aorta. Large lung volumes with widened AP diameter of the chest, XXXX due to COPD; recommend clinical correlation. Diffuse XXXX bronchial calcification and with mild atherosclerotic calcification. No evidence of pulmonary consolidation, large pleural effusion/pneumothorax. there is degenerative changes at the XXXX joints. Osteopenia. Degenerative changes of the cervical spine with possible fusion in the lower cervical region.	PICC line placement.
Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.	normal	No acute findings.	XXXX-year-old female with blood-tinged sputum.
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / left ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / left	Chest. Heart size is normal lungs are clear. Calcified left lung and left hilar granulomas. Left shoulder. No fractures and no dislocations. Minimal XXXX degenerative disease.	chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. No significant hilar process to suggest adenopathy. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	normal	1. No active disease.	Evaluate for sarcoidosis
Marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, left infraclavicular cardiac XXXX generator, right atrial and right ventricular leads. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting, left greater than right, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. Fluid noted in small bowel and stomach.	Cardiomegaly ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / bilateral / interstitial ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / severe ; Implanted Medical Device / left ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted / mild ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Pericardial Effusion	1. Cardiomegaly/pericardial fluid and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration, clinical correlation recommended	XXXX-year-old female, dyspnea
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are similar to comparison exam and within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
Heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX year old, XXXX loss.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	XXXX and back pain.
Finding data is null	Implanted Medical Device	No pneumothorax. Pacemaker defibrillator tips in the right atrium, right ventricle and a coronary vein. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear.	XXXX pacemaker XXXX for pneumothorax
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with epigastric pain..
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis.	tuberculosis +PPD
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	XXXX
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact.	Granulomatous Disease	No acute findings.	Hemoptysis
Heart size is within normal limits. Aorta is tortuous. Remainder of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No bony abnormalities.	Aorta / tortuous	No active disease.	XXXX SX
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	normal	Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX and Chest congestion.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
the heart size is normal. There is tortuosity of aorta. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Aorta / tortuous ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Tortuous aorta, otherwise unremarkable exam.	Preop right breast surgery
Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
Finding data is null	normal	No pneumothorax or effusion. No pneumonia. Heart size normal. Lungs clear	INDICATION data is null
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male. Chest pain. HIV.
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right / focal	Senescent changes with XXXX sternotomy. Some focal subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view, probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe. No acute airspace disease, effusions, or CHF. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.	FOLLOW UP
There is hyperexpansion, hyperlucency of both lungs, as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickening/scar. Stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX and a left basilar calcified granuloma. Acute osseous abnormality. The mediastinal silhouette stable.	Lung / bilateral / hyperdistention ; Lung, Hyperlucent / bilateral ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Pulmonary Emphysema / chronic ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left	Changes of chronic emphysematous lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest tightness.
There is an endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction. Heart size is normal. The mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. XXXX shrapnel is overlying the right lower lobe. There is a round XXXX bullet overlying the T10 vertebral body. XXXX density is seen within the right lower lobe XXXX representing hemorrhage. There is a right-sided pneumothorax with 10 mm in maximal thickness. There is right axillary subcutaneous emphysema. Probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. The osseous structures are otherwise normal.	Tube, Inserted / trachea, carina ; Foreign Bodies / lung / lower lobe / right ; Foreign Bodies / thoracic vertebrae / round ; Density / lung / lower lobe / right ; Hemopneumothorax / right / moderate ; Pneumothorax / right / moderate ; Subcutaneous  Emphysema / right ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / right	1. Moderate right-sided hemopneumothorax as detailed above. 2. Probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. 3. Endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction.	Female with history of XXXX one, gunshot wound to chest.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. The right pneumothorax is not appreciated. Pneumomediastinum is also less perceptible. There is a mid right clavicle comminuted fracture. There are lateral mid right rib deformities, perhaps due to fractures as well.	Pneumothorax / right ; Mediastinal Emphysema ; Fractures, Bone / clavicle / right / multiple ; Deformity / ribs / right	The XXXX right pneumothorax and XXXX pneumomediastinum are less apparent. Mid right clavicle fracture.	Pneumo.
The heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. The XXXX are grossly intact. Interval removal of right PICC. Persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.	Diaphragm / left / elevated	No acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX year old with lymphoma.
Finding data is null	normal	comparison XXXX, XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest.	XXXX WITH BREATHING XXXX XXXX WALKS
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.	normal	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	XXXX and flu-like symptoms. pt states she feels like a stabbing pain in XXXX back on the left side. XXXX x3 years. no hx of heart or lung conditions.
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear.	Cardiomegaly / borderline	Borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease.	Status post XXXX, pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. XXXX airspace disease within the left lower lung. The remainder of the lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Surgical clips overlying the right breast.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / left ; Surgical Instruments / breast / right	XXXX left lower lobe airspace disease.	LUNG CANCER;
Finding data is null	Aorta / tortuous ; Infiltrate / lung / base / left / mild	Heart size normal. Tortuous dilated aorta. Minimal basilar infiltrate left base	chest pain
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / bilateral ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral ; Catheters, Indwelling / left	1. Worsening bilateral lower lobe opacities which are most XXXX due to enlarging bilateral pleural effusions. Superimposed lower lobe airspace abnormalities are possible. Negative for pneumothorax. 2. Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. 3. Left upper extremity PICC terminates in the lower SVC. .	Hypoxia;
Heart size is normal. Stable mediastinal contour. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild thoracic spine degenerative change.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	History of CHF
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated. There is biapical scarring. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion seen.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral ; Emphysema	Emphysema without acute disease.	EMPHYSEMIA; thyroidectomy sched in one XXXX.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old male with COPD..
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	,272.4 hyperlidemia
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. Mild scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / mild	No acute disease.	Left arm numbness
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Right lung calcified densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease. Otherwise, the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Calcinosis / lung / right ; Granulomatous Disease ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Density / lung / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	chest pain
No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable XXXX opacity over the left lung base XXXX represents a combination of prominent pericardial fat and overlying breast XXXX. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is stable cardiomegaly. The mediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Stable position of cardiac pacemaker and leads.	Opacity / lung / base / left ; Epicardial Fat / prominent ; Cardiomegaly ; Implanted Medical Device	1. Stable position of cardiac pacemaker and leads. 2. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease.	XXXX-year-old female post pacemaker placement.
Unchanged cardiomegaly. There is continued interstitial prominence bilaterally. Unchanged vascular appearance. There is patchy retrocardiac opacity. Negative for pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly ; Lung / bilateral / interstitial / prominent ; Opacity / retrocardiac / patchy	Unchanged appearance of the chest with interstitial prominence the differential of which is XXXX but could include interstitial edema, infectious process or interstitial disease.	This is a XXXX-year-old XXXX with a history of congestive heart failure and back pain.
CHEST. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. There is flattening of the hemidiaphragms. ABDOMEN. There is a normal bowel XXXX pattern. There is an IVC XXXX identified. There are phleboliths in pelvis. There mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened	CHEST. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. ABDOMEN. Normal bowel XXXX pattern.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX loss and XXXX. XXXX history of abdominal cancer.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. Right hilar calcifications XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / right ; Granulomatous Disease	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX.
Low lung volumes. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Patchy opacities right base again noted. Left lung clear. Heart size top normal. Aortic calcification. Granulomas. No evidence of pneumothorax. Blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Opacity / lung / base / right / patchy ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Granuloma / thorax / multiple ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / right	Right lower lobe airspace disease. .	XXXX-year-old female, pain, seen on XXXX for right-sided pain and XXXX. No improvement.
Finding data is null	Diaphragm / right / elevated	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Elevated right diaphragm, unchanged	History of syncope
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small calcified left upper lung granuloma is noted. The lungs are clear.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left / small	No acute disease.	Wheezing, leg XXXX
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with shortness of breath.
The heart and mediastinum are normal in size and contour. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Specifically there is no evidence of active tuberculosis infection.	XXXX-year-old male with positive PPD.
Mild cardiomegaly. Small area of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula / small	No active disease.	Preop
Right-sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium. Postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy XXXX. Left base opacities again noted, stable. There is a left lung opacity, not well appreciated on prior. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Low lung volumes. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Opacity / lung / lingula ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left	1. Left midlung opacity, not well seen on prior exam, may represent focus of airspace disease. 2. Stable left base opacities, XXXX scarring or atelectasis. 2. Postsurgical changes as above. .	XXXX-year-old male, mediastinal germ cell tumor, surgery on mediastinum last XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute abnormality.	normal	Negative.	XXXX-year-old male. Abnormal feeling. Cocaine use.
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	Shortest breath
Stable cardiomegaly. Stable tortuosity of the aorta. No focal airspace opacities, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Cardiomegaly ; Aorta / tortuous ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	Stable cardiomegaly with clear lungs.	XXXX year old female with abdominal pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Suspected XXXX artifact over the bilateral neck soft tissues and supraclavicular fossae. Normal XXXX.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Chest pain.
Finding data is null	Hypovolemia / lung / apex	Well-expanded and clear lungs. Apical oligemia suggestive of some emphysema. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	HYPERTENSION; Pre op for colon surgery,
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	chest pain x 3 days
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX
The heart size is persistently enlarged. Lung volumes are low. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.	Cardiomegaly ; Lung / hypoinflation	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old woman with dyspnea.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX for 2 months unrelieved by conservative treatment.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Prior cholecystectomy	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	Nausea and vomiting
Heart and mediastinum are normal. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structures are intact.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Mild basilar atelectasis. Increased density the lung bases, favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / mild ; Density / lung / base / bilateral	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Preop right knee surgery
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. The stomach contour normal. There is right hemidiaphragm elevation. Lungs are clear. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Right hemidiaphragm elevation. No acute cardiopulmonary process.	CHF
Finding data is null	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / mild	The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Very mild S-shaped curvature of the thoracic spine. No displaced, acute fractures are identified.	MVA today.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX and XXXX.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There has been clearing of left base airspace opacities. The lungs now appear clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. The lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Emphysema	1. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. 2. No evidence of acute disease.	Enlarged lymph XXXX.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	XXXX loss, 783.21.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Left hemidiaphragm is elevated.	Diaphragm / left / elevated	1. Elevated left diaphragm. 2. No focal airspace disease.	XXXX XXXX for employment
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX are demonstrated. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild to moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / moderate	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with a history of chronic lymphoid leukemia presents for bone marrow transplant evaluation.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is mild biapical pleural thickening which is smooth. There is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion. There are degenerative changes of the spine.	Thickening / pleura / apex / bilateral / mild ; Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae / anterior ; Spine / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old chest pain for 1.5 weeks. Pain anteriorly over the lower right chest.
Mediastinal contours are normal. Heart size is within normal limits. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain.
PA and moderate loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX and mild aortic ectasia. Emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. Blunting of the costophrenic XXXX, and XXXX secondary to scarring/emphysematous changes. No evidence of focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Emphysema ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Costophrenic Angle / blunted ; Cicatrix	Emphysematous changes without evidence of focal airspace disease or pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female with shortness of breath. History of COPD.
Normal heart size. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX onset dyspnea and wheezing
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX are noted. The lungs are clear.	Atherosclerosis / aorta	No acute disease.	INDICATION data is null
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The superior thoracic spine is again noted, unchanged from prior. Lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior examinations. No evidence of pneumothorax. No focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. Vague density in the medial right lung apex most XXXX representing overlying shadows of bony structures, which is stable.	Lucency / lung ; Pulmonary Emphysema ; Density / lung / apex / right ; Deformity / thorax / chronic	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Emphysema and chronic bony abnormalities are unchanged from prior exams. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old woman with XXXX and vomiting.
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX. No suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	kidney cancer f/u.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size, with redemonstration of tortuous and atherosclerotic calcified thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is stable compared to prior examination. Multilevel degenerative disc disease and thoracolumbar spine again noted without acute osseous abnormality.	Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple ; Lumbar Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old woman with dyspnea on exertion, history of breast cancer..
There is a 22 x 14 mm calcified nodule in the left lower lobe. A moderate hiatal hernia is present. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left ; Calcinosis / lung / lower lobe / left ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / left ; Hernia, Hiatal / moderate ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes / left	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Calcified left paraesophageal versus intrapulmonary lymph node. 3. Moderate hiatus hernia.	INDICATION data is null
Lung lines remain low. However, no focal infiltrates are identified. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.	Lung / hypoinflation	XXXX change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.	chest pain
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. There are right upper quadrant surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy.	Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	XXXX onset of right-sided weakness for one XXXX.
Heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right	Cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, syncope
Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Spine / degenerative	Hyperexpanded but clear lungs.	XXXX XXXX aam XXXX with h/o XXXX, shoulder pain, XXXX loss
Persistent cardiomegaly. No abnormal airspace consolidation. Resolved interstitial edema. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Cardiomegaly	Stable cardiomegaly without acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain
CHEST. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. SOFT TISSUE NECK. There is reversal of the normal cervical lordosis which may indicate muscle spasm versus a positional phenomenon. There is no prevertebral soft tissue XXXX. The epiglottis is within normal limits. There is a 3 mm x 1 mm density identified on the lateral exam only, possibly within one of the piriform sinuses.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left	SOFT TISSUE NECK. Small 3 x 1 mm density possibly in a piriform sinus only seen on the lateral exam. CHEST. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with difficulty breathing. Feels like she has choking. XXXX XXXX. Throat pain. Nonsmoker. Shortness of breath.
Cardiomegaly is present. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. Thoracic aorta is tortuous. Patient is status post XXXX sternotomy. Surgical clips are present in the left axilla. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Cardiomegaly ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Surgical Instruments / left ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right ; Spine / degenerative	No evidence of active disease.	Melanoma.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	Dyspnea and XXXX loss.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Preoperative evaluation for internal fixation of ankle fracture.
Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. Low lung volumes, however lungs are grossly clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures grossly intact.	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Lung / hypoinflation	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male, preoperative evaluation.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with flank pain..
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No interval change in the appearance of the XXXX opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / bilateral	1. No interval change in the appearance of the XXXX opacities in the bilateral lower lobes.	XXXX-year-old male suspected pneumonia.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute findings. .	Pain.
Finding data is null	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Expansile Bone Lesions / ribs / right	Heart size and mediastinal contour are stable and within normal limits allowing for rotation. Pulmonary vascularity is normal.&gt;] Lung volumes are low. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Expansile lesion of the right posterior 9th rib XXXX represents sequelae of known multiple myeloma.	Mental status changes, and hospice for multiple myeloma
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.	normal	Normal chest film.	Chest pain
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	CHEST PAIN
There is hyperinflation of the lungs but they are clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. There are bilateral breast prostheses.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Breast Implants / bilateral ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	COPD.	Chronic bronchitis.
Heart size upper limits of normal but stable. Tortuous aorta. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	Aorta / tortuous	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female with history of XXXX.
Large left lower lobe opacity is present. There does not appear to be significant mediastinal shift. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is not definitively identified and not fully evaluated. The mediastinal contours are unremarkable.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / left / large ; Pleural Effusion / left / large ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Cardiac Shadow / obscured / severe	Large left lower lobe opacity XXXX represents a large layering pleural effusion. Right lung is clear.	History hypertension, high cholesterol, 58 with persistent XXXX.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Cardiac silhouette at the upper limits of normal in size. Tortuous ectatic aorta. The aortic XXXX is near 5 cm in diameter. There is a retrocardiac left paraspinal bulge concerning for a descending thoracic aortic aneurysm. There is biapical scarring. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. XXXX spine spondylitic changes.	Aorta / tortuous ; Aortic Aneurysm / aorta, thoracic ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral ; Spondylosis / spine ; Aorta / retrocardiac / enlarged ; Medical Device	1. Stable aneurysmal enlargement of the XXXX and descending aorta. Chest CTA could be obtained as a XXXX. 2. Borderline heart size. 3. No acute pulmonary disease process.	Shortness of breath with XXXX for 4 days. History of COPD.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis	tuberculosis +PPD
Mediastinal contours are normal. Opacity within the right middle and lower lobes. No displacement of the XXXX or XXXX fissure. No pneumothorax..	Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right ; Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right	Opacification of the right middle and lower lobes.	Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are grossly clear. Underlying emphysematous changes are noted.	Emphysema	Emphysema without acute disease.	Shortness of breath
Finding data is null	Lymph Nodes / bilateral / enlarged	Bilateral enlargement of the XXXX, XXXX lymphadenopathy. Consider correlation with a XXXX of the chest. Sarcoidosis would be a consideration, less XXXX lymphoproliferative XXXX/lymphoma.	XXXX.
Lung volumes are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the angulate. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.	Opacity ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula / focal	Hypoinflation with lingular focal atelectasis.	cp
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	dyspnea
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. There is focal contour abnormality of the level of the inferior posterior mediastinum, may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right ; Deformity / mediastinum / left / posterior / focal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Focal convexity of the left inferior posterior mediastinum, may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. This has been present and without significant change since at XXXX XXXX. Nonemergent chest CT may be useful.	XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal air is prominent consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with a mild wedge XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. This is age-indeterminate.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Mild, age-indeterminate wedge XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body.	XXXX-year-old female presents for renal pretransplant evaluation.
Heart size within normal limits. Mediastinal contours unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Right lung is clear. XXXX opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. Bony structures unremarkable.	Opacity / lung / base / left	Atelectasis versus scar left lung base. Otherwise unremarkable. XXXX XXXX for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. If there are any questions about this examination please XXXX. XXXX, XXXX certified radiologist, at XXXX.	XXXX-year-old female, breast cancer, preoperative evaluation.
Chest. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Left and right XXXX. Osteophytes are present at the acromioclavicular joints bilaterally and also on the humeral necks. The right glenohumeral joint is normal, but the left is narrowed. No fractures or bone destruction.	Osteophyte / shoulder / bilateral / multiple	1. Chest. No active disease. 2. Left and right XXXX. Bilateral degenerative joint disease, left worse than right.	productive XXXX; shoulder pain.
Several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / bilateral / multiple	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. A right-sided Mediport catheter is noted. No pleural effusion is identified.	Catheters, Indwelling / right	No focal lung infiltrates.	INDICATION data is null
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	Shortness of breath.
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX AND SOB
XXXX XXXX opacities with elevated right hemidiaphragm and low lung volumes. Negative for effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly, stable. Left chest AICD leads in the right atrium and right ventricle unchanged.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Cardiomegaly ; Implanted Medical Device / left	Cardiomegaly with bibasilar opacities, which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea
Postsurgical changes of XXXX sternotomy with screw fixation of anterior XXXX plates. Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. No focal consolidation, suspicious bony opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.	normal	Interval postsurgical changes of XXXX sternotomy without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Followup on reported pneumonia
XXXX sternotomy XXXX appear intact. Surgical clips overlying the mediastinum. Mitral valve replacement seen. Low lung volumes. The interstitial markings appear prominent, which may represent interstitial edema. There is mild blunting of the posterior sulcus on the lateral view, which could represent a small effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	Surgical Instruments / mediastinum ; Implanted Medical Device / mitral valve ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / lung / interstitial / prominent / mild ; Sulcus / posterior / blunted / mild	1. Mildly prominent interstitial markings, which could represent interstitial edema. 2. Mild blunting of the posterior sulcus, which could represent a small effusion.	XXXX-year-old with shortness of breath.
There is a left basilar airspace opacity. Right basilar atelectasis. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.	Opacity / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right	1.There is a left basilar airspace opacity, which is concerning for pneumonia. 2. Right basilar atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX and XXXX.
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Congestion	Prior sternotomy. Midline sternotomy XXXX. Normal heart size. Vascular congestion. No overt edema or lobar pneumonia. No pleural effusion.	XXXX.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX XXXX are grossly intact.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	COPD
Enlarged cardiac contour, stable. Calcified vasculature. Sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. No confluent consolidation, pleural effusion, or overt pulmonary edema. Mild thoracic spondylosis.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Calcinosis / blood vessels ; Granulomatous Disease ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae / mild	No acute findings. Stable cardiac enlargement.	Routine medical exam
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	left chest wall pain
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.	Lung / hypoinflation	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX
This examination is somewhat limited secondary to obscuration of the bilateral posterior costophrenic sulci on the lateral view. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.	Costophrenic Angle / sulcus / bilateral / posterior / obscured ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	1. Limited chest radiograph examination without demonstration of an acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with a history of an elevated XXXX-XXXX.
Stable appearance of lower cervical fusion XXXX. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No focal airspace disease. Calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. DISH of the thoracic spine.	Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae ; Calcinosis / multiple ; Nodule / multiple ; Granulomatous Disease / chronic ; Hyperostosis, Diffuse Idiopathic Skeletal / thoracic vertebrae	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX and possible TB exposure.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. The mediastinum is normal. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.	Arthritis	No acute pulmonary disease. No gross evidence for rib fracture.	Left chest pain rule out rib fracture
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. No focal airspace disease. Left upper lobe granuloma. No evidence of active tuberculosis. Stable chronic blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX. No pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left ; Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted / chronic	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Specifically, no evidence of active tuberculosis.	Positive PPD.
Heart size and vascularity normal. External contour normal. Lungs clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Allergic rhinitis, sinus drainage and sore throat
Finding data is null	Catheters, Indwelling	PICC catheter tip mid SVC. Heart size normal. Lungs clear.	XXXX PICC catheter placement
Heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. Lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents. Diaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Diaphragmatic Eventration ; Density / heart	Cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, left arm pain and nausea
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.	normal	No acute abnormality.	Preop XXXX
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate stable, mild multilevel thoracolumbar degenerative disc disease without acute abnormality. Upper abdominal midline surgical sutures are likewise stable.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple / mild ; Lumbar Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX and dyspnea. Recent XXXX to XXXX..
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. There is right upper lobe airspace disease.. There is a rounded nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring approximately 7 mm which may represent further sequela of infectious process versus other pathology. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	Airspace Disease / lung / upper lobe / right ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left / round ; Pneumonia / upper lobe / right ; Nodule / lung / upper lobe / left / round	1. Right upper lobe pneumonia. 2. Rounded nodular opacity in the peripheral left upper lung which may represent further sequela infectious process versus other pathology including metastatic disease in a patient with thyroid cancer. Follow up to resolution recommended.	XXXX, recent thyroid surgery for thyroid cancer
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified.	normal	No active disease.	Chest congestion
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Lungs are XXXX without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal status post XXXX sternotomy. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. incidental note is XXXX of previous left rotator XXXX repair.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	XXXX lungs without focal consolidation.	XXXX and congestion
Finding data is null	Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial	Heart size is normal. Small bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. Probable interstitial edema, less XXXX fibrosis.	heart failure. Myopericarditis.
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. The lungs are well-expanded and clear. There is no focal airspace opacity. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There is irregularity of the 7th posterior right rib with underlying pleural thickening.	Thickening / pleura ; Deformity / ribs / right / posterior	1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Irregularity of the posterior right 7th rib with underlying pleural thickening. This may be related to XXXX XXXX, however, if there is no known history, consider comparison with prior studies if available XXXX of the chest for further evaluation	XXXX-year-old male with preoperative prostate surgery. No chest complaints. Hypertension.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Aorta / tortuous ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right ; Pulmonary Congestion	Heart size moderately enlarged for technique, aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Vascular redistribution without typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	XXXX-year-old male, syncope, XXXX
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	KIDNEY TRANSPLANT XXXX
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The aorta is unfolded. There is left base streaky opacity due to XXXX scarring or discoid atelectasis. There is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. There are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus, posterior right 9th rib and the anterior T10 vertebral body. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.	Aorta / tortuous ; Opacity / lung / base / left / streaky ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right / small ; Opacity / lung / base / right / round / multiple / small ; Opacity / costophrenic angle / sulcus / right / round / multiple / small	1. XXXX indeterminant small nodular opacities. May be granulomas or bone islands. However, XXXX is recommended given the history of malignancy. 2. Otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified.	Abscess. Post left mastectomy.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size normal. Mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are stable and within normal limits. There is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	XXXX onset XXXX
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	cp
Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Infection/XXXX. Chest pain.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
There is persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. There is suggestion of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung XXXX bilaterally. This is XXXX to be similar to XXXX scan. The heart is normal. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. The skeletal structures show scoliosis and arthritic changes.	Diaphragm / right / elevated / mild ; Opacity / lung / lower lobe / bilateral / patchy ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Aorta / tortuous ; Scoliosis ; Arthritis ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	COPD and chronic opacities more pronounced in the lower lung XXXX.	Bronchiectasis with acute exacerbation.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	XXXX
Apical lordotic frontal view. Considering differences in technical factors XXXX stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Dense left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / left ; Density / lung / lower lobe / left	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, dizziness, XXXX
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	Chest pain and bilateral hand numbness.
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	,786.2
No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain.
PA and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	Granulomatous Disease	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with mid back pain that radiates to rib. XXXX recent injury.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Left perihilar scarring is noted in the upper lobe. Streaky opacities in the retrocardiac region XXXX reflect mild subsegmental atelectasis. There is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion.	Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / hilum / left ; Opacity / retrocardiac / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / left / mild	Mild left-sided scarring/subsegmental atelectasis. No definite infiltrate.	XXXX and hypoxia
Heart size is normal. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No focal air space opacities. Mild degenerative osteophytes are noted in the thoracic spine.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / degenerative / multiple / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention ; Emphysema	Hyperinflated chest as before, compatible with emphysema. Clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	,786.4
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	No Indexing	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Shortness of breath and XXXX.
Finding data is null	Pleural Effusion / left / moderate ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left	1. No residual right pleural effusion identified status post thoracentesis. No pneumothorax. 2. Mediastinum, cardiac size grossly stable. 3. Small to moderate left-sided pleural effusion, increased XXXX compared to prior chest radiograph. Left lung base atelectasis/airspace disease.	Status post right thoracentesis
There are low lung volumes. The heart size and upper mediastinum have a normal appearance. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. There is minimal right basilar atelectasis. There is no large effusion or pneumothorax. The osseous structures appear intact.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right / mild	Low lung volume exam demonstrates small amount of right basilar atelectasis. There is no acute consolidation or pneumothorax.	Status post assault. Altered mental status and upper thoracic hematoma
The heart and mediastinum are stable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with a XXXX.
Vague increased opacity which appears to be within the left lower lobe. Question of this could be developing or resolving pneumonia. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable normal size heart. Atherosclerotic vascular disease. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Opacity / lung / base / left ; Atherosclerosis ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Vague opacity at the left lung base which appears to be within the left lower lobe. This may represent resolving or developing pneumonia given the patient's history.	Shortness of breath
Both lungs remain clear and expanded. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. No change in the large hiatus hernia.	Hernia, Hiatal / large	No change. No visible active cardiopulmonary disease.	coarse wheeze and productive XXXX x 1 XXXX. Hx CHF.
Heart size upper normal but stable. Mediastinal contours within normal limits.. Minimal right middle lobe atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right / mild ; Spine / degenerative	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Abdominal pain and wheezing
The heart is normal in size. The aorta is tortuous and ectatic. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.	Aorta / tortuous	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX and chest pain.
No interval change is found in the bony thorax. The heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. The fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no progression of the retrohilar nodule XXXX on the CT scan. No XXXX pulmonary nodule is found.	Aorta / tortuous ; Lung / hilum / enlarged	Stable chest radiograph with no acute or progressive abnormality. There is no suggestion of enlargement of the known right retrohilar pulmonary nodule or XXXX pulmonary nodularity.	Followup of pulmonary nodule.
Low lung volumes and patient rotation. Given differences in technique, heart size XXXX within normal limits. Persistent right basilar opacity, XXXX atelectasis. No suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Opacity / lung / base / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	Persistent stable right basilar atelectasis.	Altered mental status
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest No evidence of tuberculosis	tuberculosis +PPD
There are a few small nodular opacities in the left lung, XXXX seen on the frontal view overlying the left 6th posterior rib. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No overt pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left / round / multiple / small ; Nodule / lung / upper lobe / left / multiple / small ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes ; Granulomatous Disease ; Spine / degenerative / mild ; Opacity / ribs / left / round / multiple / small	Few small nodular opacities in the left upper lung. These small nodules are relatively dense, suggestive of chronic granulomatous disease. Comparison with an XXXX chest radiograph would be helpful to establish stability.	XXXX-year-old male with atrial fibrillation, V58.69
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen.	normal	There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Back pain, XXXX.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma are present. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Calcified Granuloma ; Spine / degenerative	1. No evidence of active disease.	History of esophageal carcinoma. Pre-op evaluation.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Negative chest.	Shortness of breath
Finding data is null	normal	No comparisons. The heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.	XXXX.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Lung / hyperdistention	Mild cardiomegaly as before with no effusions or overt evidence of CHF. Large lung volumes as before. No acute airspace disease. Stable mediastinal contour. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.	786.05 shortness of breath
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild granulomatous sequela are noted. The lungs are grossly clear.	Granulomatous Disease / mild	No acute disease.	Preop for cholecystectomy, history of XXXX apnea
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	DYSPNEA
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is grossly within normal limits. Moderate thoracolumbar scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum. The lungs are clear.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / moderate ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / moderate ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	No acute disease.	HISTORY OF TOBACCO USE;
Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity.	normal	Normal exam.	Chest pain.
PA and lateral views were obtained. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process. If patient's symptoms persist recommend repeat study XXXX chest in one XXXX.	XXXX for 2 XXXX, XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	Negative chest x-XXXX.	Routine Exam.
Cardiomegaly is unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous calcified aorta. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No focal air space consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Changes of prior right mastectomy.	Cardiomegaly ; Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Mastectomy / right	Stable appearance of the chest. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Abnormal breath sounds, high blood pressure
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation is seen. Postsurgical/biopsy changes overlying the right breast.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild ; Deformity / breast / right ; Cicatrix / breast / right	Mild hypoinflation without acute disease.	INDICATION data is null
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. Emphysematous changes are identified. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Emphysema	Emphysema without acute disease.	Chest pain
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Sternotomy XXXX overlie the heart.	No Indexing	Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX S/P XXXX XXXX. Aortic stenosis
Aorta is ectatic. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Age-indeterminate anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra.	Aorta / tortuous ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / anterior	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal contour. No pneumothorax, airspace consolidation, or pleural effusion. No chest XXXX XXXX. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiothoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female status post assault.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Specifically, no evidence of rib fractures.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX 2 XXXX ago, rib pain..
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old complaining of XXXX, XXXX, history of asthma. Chest pain.
XXXX sternotomy XXXX remain in XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / moderate	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male chest pain.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula ; Pneumonectomy / lung / upper lobe / left	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified 5 mm granuloma in the left midlung. Status post resection of left upper lobe. No adenopathy, nodules, or masses. No effusion.	History of smoking and status post left upper lobectomy
No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX year old female, hypertension, preop thyroid surgery. No complaints.
Heart is large. Pulmonary XXXX are engorged. Bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting are present.	Cardiomegaly ; Infiltrate / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Heart Failure ; Pulmonary Edema / base / interstitial ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral ; Pulmonary Congestion	Congestive heart failure with basilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid.	CHEST PAIN, AFIB
Cardiomegaly. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. Levocurvature of the thoracic spine. Lumbar vertebral body stabilization XXXX.	Cardiomegaly ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / left	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Cardiomegaly. .	XXXX-year-old female, right heart failure.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Hyperinflated lungs. Cardiomegaly. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable	Lung / hyperdistention ; Cardiomegaly	Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX
Interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion, XXXX intact without complicating features. There is stable cardiomegaly, with persistent bibasilar opacities XXXX atelectasis and/or infiltrate. No XXXX focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. The visualized osseous structures demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine, without acute osseous abnormality.	Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae ; Cardiomegaly ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild ; Infiltrate / lung / base / bilateral ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple / mild ; Lumbar Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	Stable cardiomegaly and persistent minimal bibasilar atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain..
The cardiac contours are normal. Prominent pulmonary arteries. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Pulmonary Artery / prominent ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	Prostate cancer
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. Mild lung hyperinflation. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Degenerative changes seen within the midthoracic spine. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male shortness of breath.
There is mild cardiomegaly, similar to prior exams. No focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly / mild	Stable mild cardiomegaly. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Shortness of breath with chest pain and dizziness
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is right greater than left biapical bullous emphysema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Bullous Emphysema / lung / apex / bilateral ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Syncope.
Finding data is null	Airspace Disease / lung / base / left ; Pleural Effusion / base / left / small ; Pneumothorax / right / small ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Medical Device / right	Heart size normal.No significant change in left base airspace disease and small effusion. Small residual right pneumothorax. Increased right base atelectasis.Catheter overlying the right mediastinum may be outside the patient is.	Left chest tube removal
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary process	ICD 9 code 786.51, intermittent left chest pain
There is scattered calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	Calcified Granuloma / scattered	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX and XXXX loss.
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Stable postsurgical changes of the lower cervical spine.	normal	No acute abnormality.	Chest pain
Normal cardiac contour. Clear hyperexpanded lungs bilaterally with no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Lung / bilateral / hyperdistention	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with shortness of breath and XXXX.
There are prominent epicardial fat pads, unchanged from prior. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There is atherosclerosis of the aortic XXXX. Unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci XXXX represent chronic scarring or atelectasis.	Epicardial Fat / prominent ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Opacity / costophrenic angle / sulcus / bilateral / streaky ; Cicatrix / costophrenic angle / sulcus / bilateral / chronic ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / costophrenic angle / bilateral	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	,786.50 UNSPEC CHEST PAIN, pt states chronic lung infections, pt taking meds for rheumatoid arthritis, no hx ca, nonsmoker
The heart is enlarged. The mediastinal contours are stable. Large hiatal hernia is identified containing stomach and colon. Questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. There is adjacent compressive atelectasis. The lungs are clear.	Cardiomegaly ; Hernia, Hiatal / large ; Pulmonary Atelectasis	No acute disease. Stable appearance of large hiatal hernia containing stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops.	HYPERTENSION; XXXX up for hernia repair.
Cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. XXXX and soft tissue are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with shortness of breath, XXXX.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality. There are XXXX XXXX opacities, atelectasis versus airspace disease. No large effusion or pneumothorax.	Opacity / lung ; Pulmonary Atelectasis ; Airspace Disease / lung	XXXX XXXX atelectasis/airspace disease.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with syncope.
There are postoperative changes of sternotomy. There is cardiomegaly. The contour of the ascending aorta is prominent, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. The lungs appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Cardiomegaly ; Aortic Aneurysm ; Spine / degenerative / mild ; Aorta / prominent	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. 3. Prominent contour of the ascending aorta, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm.	XXXX-year-old male, preoperative evaluation. History of thyroid cancer.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. Surgical clips are identified in the mediastinum. Pleural spaces are clear. Soft tissue XXXX previously noted along the right lateral chest wall has resolved.	Surgical Instruments / mediastinum	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	mediastinal mass
No acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is stable enlargement of the heart. No focus of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Cardiomegaly	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
Feeding tube passes below the left hemidiaphragm. Left subclavian central line tip is at the upper SVC. Shunt tubing courses along the anterior left hemithorax. There is grossly stable left lower lobe consolidation. Stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.	Tube, Inserted / left ; Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Consolidation / lung / lower lobe / left ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Spine / degenerative / diffuse	1. Stable left lung consolidation, possibly infectious pneumonia and/or aspiration. Recommend followup radiographs after treatment to ensure complete resolution. 2. Stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease.	Pneumonia
There are broken 1st and 3rd-5XXXX XXXX XXXX. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. Left-sided aortic XXXX. Central airways are XXXX. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Left hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated. Interposition of the colon in the left upper quadrant.	Diaphragm / left / elevated / mild ; Fractures, Bone	No acute pulmonary findings. .	XXXX-year-old female with history of XXXX XXXX status post repair.
XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal postsurgical changes. Stable cardiomegaly. Crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings XXXX related to low lung volumes and technique. Grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation.	Cardiomegaly ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Markings / lung / interstitial ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal postsurgical changes. Stable cardiomegaly. Crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings XXXX related to low lung volumes and technique. Grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation.	Dyspnea.
There are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules. For example, there is a 12 mm left lower lobe nodule, XXXX seen on the frontal view. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. The left hilar contour is prominent. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.	Nodule / lung / bilateral / multiple ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / left ; Lung / hilum / left / prominent ; Spine / degenerative / diffuse ; Pulmonary Artery / left / enlarged	1. Multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules, concerning for metastatic disease. 2. Prominent left hilum. After correlation with the XXXX scan performed today, findings XXXX reflect enlargement of the left pulmonary artery.	XXXX-year-old male with history renal XXXX, 593.9. Evaluate for metastatic disease.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. There is mild scoliosis of the spine.	Scoliosis / mild	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX for 3 weeks
Elevated right hemidiaphragm. Clear lungs. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. Generative changes within the spine. In the upper lumbar spine there is an age-indeterminate wedge XXXX of a vertebral body.	Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Aorta / tortuous ; Spine / degenerative ; Deformity / lumbar vertebrae	1. Heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs. 2. Age-indeterminate XXXX deformity of an upper lumbar spine vertebral body.	worsening dyspnea
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No abnormal airspace opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Mass in axilla
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	Negative preoperative chest x-XXXX.	Preoperative bariatric surgery.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	Anterior chest pain, difficulty breathing
Finding data is null	Nipple Shadow / bilateral ; Pulmonary Fibrosis / apex / right / mild	No heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. Bilateral nipple shadows seen overlying the anterior 6th ribs. Minimal fibrosis in the right apex, may be due to XXXX radiation treatment.	History of tonsillar cancer in XXXX
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute findings.	Bronchitis and XXXX
The heart is normal in size and contour. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. The lung volumes are low. There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Aorta / tortuous ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild	1. Low lung volume study with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Stable chest.	XXXX-year-old with a XXXX.
The heart size is normal. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Postsurgical changes of left hemithorax are stable. Skin XXXX have been removed since prior study study. The left apical pneumothorax has resolved. There are mild chronic opacities in the left lung base with probable small residual effusion. The right lung is grossly clear.	Opacity / lung / base / left / chronic / mild ; Pleural Effusion / left / small	Stable postsurgical changes of left hemithorax with resolution of small apical pneumothorax and basilar air space opacities.	Melanoma, left lung surgery
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild XXXX XXXX curvature thoracolumbar junction.	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / mild ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / mild	No active pulmonary disease.	Preop breast reduction surgery
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.	Preop right knee replacement
Stable cardiomegaly with vascular prominence without overt edema. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Congestion	Stable cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema.	Edema.
Cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. Blunted left costophrenic XXXX. Bony demineralization. Degenerative changes of the spine. Verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. Upper abdominal surgical changes. Chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. Old right rib fractures.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky / mild ; Costophrenic Angle / left / blunted ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic ; Spine / degenerative ; Deformity / humerus / right / chronic ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / right / multiple / healed ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / base / bilateral / mild ; Pleural Effusion / left / small	1. Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. Minimal bibasal subsegmental atelectasis/scar. 3. Very small left pleural effusion.	XXXX, fractured femur, preop
There is a cardiac XXXX generator identified with 1-XXXX projected over the right ventricle. Stable moderate cardiomegaly is demonstrated. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Implanted Medical Device ; Cardiomegaly / moderate	1. Stable moderate cardiomegaly.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain.
Mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal normal width. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. XXXX scarring or atelectasis right midlung.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / middle lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. XXXX scarring or atelectasis right midlung. 3. Mild cardiomegaly. .	Patient hallucinating. Weakness and confusion.
Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable. Stable small calcified granuloma left base. No XXXX acute findings/opacities/infiltrates noted.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left / small	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease	XXXX,
There is stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with questionable increased right basilar airspace opacities. The left lung is clear. Heart size normal. XXXX unremarkable.	Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Opacity / lung / base / right ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right	Stable elevated right hemidiaphragm with questionable subtle increased right basilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Correlate clinically.	XXXX-year-old female shortness of breath. History of fibrosing mediastinitis.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain..
The cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Chest pain.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	normal	Clear lungs.	Atypical chest pain
ICD XXXX tip remains in the right ventricle. Stable calcified granulomas. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact.	Implanted Medical Device / right ; Calcified Granuloma / multiple	1. ICD XXXX tip overlying the right ventricle. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	The patient is a XXXX year-old female with ICD device, evaluate position..
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Umbilical piercing.	Foreign Bodies / abdomen	No acute abnormality. .	XXXX
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. External monitor leads XXXX the thorax. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.	Medical Device	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain.
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding at the bases. No focal opacity. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours within normal limits.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / lung / base / bilateral / bronchovascular	Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX and blood streak sputum
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX XXXX
The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculaturity is increased. There is large right-sided pleural effusion and probable underlying associated compressive atelectasis. Mild perihilar XXXX opacities, XXXX edema. No pneumothorax is seen.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / mild ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Pleural Effusion / right / large ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / right ; Opacity / lung / hilum / mild ; Cardiomegaly	1. Cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion with perihilar opacities, possibly edema. 2. Large right pleural effusion.	PLEURAL EFFUSIONS;
Finding data is null	No Indexing	Heart size normal. Sternotomy and bypass grafting. Lungs are clear. No effusions, edema, or pneumonia.	XXXX XXXX
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with XXXX XXXX hypoventilatory changes. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Surgical clips are seen in the upper abdomen. No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen	Low lung volumes without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Shortness of breath.
The heart is not enlarged. The bilateral pulmonary arteries appear enlarged. The lungs are hyperexpanded the hemidiaphragms are flattened. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.	Pulmonary Artery / bilateral / enlarged ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Pulmonary Emphysema	1. Pulmonary emphysema. 2. Large bilateral pulmonary arteries suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. 3. No suspicious nodules or are identified.	COPD, previous XXXX
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Multiple healed posterior left rib fractures.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / posterior / multiple / healed	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male, dyspnea on exertion
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There has been XXXX XXXX sternotomy. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	Sore throat and XXXX for one XXXX
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Left shoulder arthroplasty is noted. Old left rib fractures.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / multiple / healed	No acute cardiopulmonary process. .	Bradycardia and syncope.
The lungs are hyperexpanded. There are stable scattered XXXX bilateral opacities, most notable in the left upper lobe, XXXX scarring. No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are degenerative changes of the spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / scattered ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left / scattered ; Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / left ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Spine / degenerative ; Emphysema	1. No acute findings. 2. Emphysema. 3. Scattered XXXX of scarring, most notably in the left upper lobe.	XXXX-year-old male with history of COPD.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea..
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear.	Lung / hypoinflation	No acute disease.	testis cancer
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Cervical cancer, preop
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain, rule out pneumonia..
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Mild elevation right hemidiaphragm.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Diaphragm / right / elevated / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	174.6
Lung volumes are low. In the interval, a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right lower lobe. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / right / patchy ; Pneumonia / lower lobe / right	XXXX. XXXX patchy right lower lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia.	dyspnea
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / reticular / multiple / mild ; Pulmonary Edema ; Pulmonary Congestion / mild	Mild cardiomegaly. There are a few thin peripheral reticular opacities in the bases compatible with mild edema given mild central venous congestion. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Chest pain, short of breath
There is XXXX opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Opacity / lung / base / left	XXXX opacity left lung base..	Wheezing
Heart size and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, focal airspace consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with mild cardiomegaly. There is relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm consistent with history of right lower lobectomy, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. Irregularity of the right fifth and sixth ribs stable since at XXXX XXXX and XXXX postsurgical/post traumatic in XXXX. Left shoulder rotator XXXX bone anchor noted. No acute osseous abnormality identified.	Pneumonectomy / lung / lower lobe / right ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Deformity / ribs / right / multiple ; Implanted Medical Device / shoulder / left	Surgical changes of the right hemithorax and mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .	XXXX-year-old woman with hypertension, shortness of breath, pain. History of right lower lobectomy.
Rotated apical lordotic frontal projection, mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. No definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen. Accounting for technical factors heart size XXXX within normal limits, heavily calcified and mildly tortuous aorta. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Markings / bronchovascular / mild ; Markings / lung / interstitial / scattered / irregular / chronic ; Calcinosis / aorta / severe ; Aorta / tortuous / mild	Limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings.	XXXX-year-old female, back pain
Finding data is null	Surgical Instruments / mediastinum ; Calcinosis / mediastinum ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / right ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Markings / bronchovascular	Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal surgical clips, mediastinal and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. Improved lung volumes, XXXX left base opacities most suggestive of scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old male, pain, history of surgery
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. There is biapical scarring. No acute infiltrate is seen.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Emphysema ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral	Emphysema without acute disease.	60XXXX XXXX with XXXX and XXXX loss
Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. No consolidative airspace opacities. No radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, shortness of breath
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There are calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old with chest pain.
Heart size within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is mild increased airspace opacity within the right lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. No visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Multilevel degenerative disease of the spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Opacity / lung / base / right / mild ; Spine / degenerative / multiple ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right	Low lung volumes with airspace disease within the right lung base. Followup radiographs following treatment is recommended to document resolution.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. Again identified are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX as well as large calcifications within the left upper and left lower lobes. These appear similar to the patient's previous chest CT and are XXXX the sequela of prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes ; Calcinosis / lung / upper lobe / left / large ; Calcinosis / lung / lower lobe / left / large ; Granulomatous Disease	1. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease, stable. No acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The cardiac silhouette and upper mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary venous congestion. There is prominence of the pulmonary arteries, right greater than left. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Pulmonary Artery / bilateral / prominent	1. No acute pulmonary infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. 2. Prominent bilateral XXXX, right greater than left. This appears slightly increased from the prior studies. Findings could be related to hilar lymph XXXX or enlarged pulmonary arteries. If clinically indicated, further evaluation with contrast-enhanced CT of the thorax could be performed.	Dyspnea
Overall hyperexpanded lungs with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Spine / degenerative	Hyperexpanded but clear lungs.	pt is a XXXX who presents with fatigue
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute findings.	XXXX XXXX resulting in the anterior chest pain
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	Chest pain
Low lung volumes are noted. Allowing for technical factors the heart size is XXXX normal. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity, XXXX consistent with pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The XXXX are unremarkable.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / hilum / bilateral / interstitial ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial / mild	1. Increased bilateral interstitial opacity, XXXX consistent with mild interstitial edema.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX onset chest pain
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic XXXX. XXXX opacities in the left lung base, XXXX atelectasis. The lateral view shows a XXXX left pleural effusion. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax. Stable bilateral apical pleural capping.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Pleural Effusion / left / small ; Thickening / pleura / apex / bilateral	1. Small left pleural effusion.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious bony opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.	normal	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease.	XXXX. Headache and lightheadedness. Chills. The patient's lower abdomen was shielded for this exam.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Findings suggestive of emphysema. No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Syncope with collapse, XXXX, pain
Heart size upper limits normal. Vascularity normal.Calcified breast implants obscure some detail. Lungs are clear. Vascular calcifications aorta. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.	Calcinosis / breast implants ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Cardiomegaly / borderline	Borderline cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable exam.	Chest pain for 3-4 days, now shortness of breath
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. Calcified granulomas. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.	Calcified Granuloma ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Impression data is null	XXXX-year-old female, tobacco use, preop.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Chest and back pain x2 months.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis	No acute pulmonary disease.	Chest pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX..
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.	Cardiomegaly / mild	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly.	Passed out, XXXX
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.	Shortness of breath.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. The aorta is tortuous and ectatic. There are degenerative changes of the acromioclavicular joints. There degenerative changes of the spine. There is an IVC XXXX identified.	Aorta / tortuous ; Shoulder / bilateral / degenerative ; Spine / degenerative ; Catheters, Indwelling	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX for one month. History bronchitis.
The heart is normal in size. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. The mediastinum is stable. There is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid chest, XXXX patient's known large breast mass. The appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study. The lateral projection is suboptimal as patient could not raise XXXX. There is no pleural effusion.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Density / thorax / right ; Mass / breast / large ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Mass / thorax / right	Redemonstration of right chest wall mass compatible with patient's known breast carcinoma.	XXXX
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with shortness of breath
On the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space uniformly throughout. Osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation vertically along the superior acetabulum and femoral head. I do not see evidence for fracture or destructive process. AP view of the femur shows no femoral XXXX destructive process or other significant abnormality. For of the Left hip shows near-complete obliteration of the joint space with severe subchondral sclerosis and cystic formation in both the superior acetabulum and superior aspect of the femoral head. No fracture or destructive process is identified. Surgical markers were XXXX in the images and left hip for the purpose of surgical planning. PA and lateral chest show the lungs to be clear. There may be some hyperinflation. No pleural effusion is identified. The heart is normal in size. There are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. The skeletal structures appear normal.	Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes	1.Severe arthritic changes in both hips left worse than right. 2. Possible COPD but no acute pulmonary disease.	Bilateral hip pain with osteoarthritis. Possible hip replacement.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain and XXXX.
The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old short of breath and cholecystitis.
Finding data is null	Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Foreign Bodies / thorax / left ; Nodule / lung / middle lobe / right	Stable chest. Elevated left diaphragm. Two bullets overlie the left chest. Heart size normal. Persistent 1.8 cm right midlung nodule without definite calcification. CT scan may be informative if patient is at high XXXX for lung cancer.	History of dyspnea
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour.	normal	No evidence of active disease.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
Left retrocardiac airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic XXXX on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion. Normal heart size. Right PICC is unchanged with tip at the caval atrial junction.	Airspace Disease / lung / left / retrocardiac ; Costophrenic Angle / posterior / blunted ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Pleural Effusion / left / small	Left retrocardiac airspace disease could reflect atelectasis and possible scarring. Small left pleural effusion.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain. History of cancer.
Finding data is null	Granuloma / lung / apex / right	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma overlying the anterior first right rib.	History of chest pain
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Shortness of breath.
Finding data is null	normal	No active disease.	pain
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is identified.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	Tobacco use. Pre-op evaluation.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with history of smoking.
The Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Lateral views obscured by patient body habitus. There is no evidence of apical disease. XXXX are unchanged from previous exam and appear normal. Thoracic spine shows osteophyte formations at several levels.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Cardiomegaly / borderline	no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis or sarcoidosis.	please XXXX for sarcoid/tuberculosis
Finding data is null	Implanted Medical Device / right ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right	Stable right-sided cardiac XXXX generator. Interval placement of right internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the low SVC. No evidence of pneumothorax. Generalized low lung volumes. Bibasilar and right midlung pulmonary opacities, XXXX atelectatic changes. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. .	XXXX-year-old male, tachycardia, rule out pulmonary infiltrates.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old XXXX for several days.
Clear lungs bilaterally. Normal cardiac contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with shortness of breath.
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. Acromioclavicular joint degenerative change.	Shoulder / degenerative	There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain
Heart size is normal. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion. No acute osseous findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX and dyspnea.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX.
The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX, with a calcified right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. The lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. There are degenerative changes of the first costochondral joints bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities are seen.	Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes ; Calcinosis / lung / lower lobe / right ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / right ; Ribs / bilateral / degenerative ; Granulomatous Disease	1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the chest. 2. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease and degenerative changes of the costochondral junctions.	XXXX-year-old male with left upper quadrant pain, chest pain.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous aorta. Prior granulomatous disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Stable retrocardiac airspace opacity.	Aorta / tortuous ; Granulomatous Disease ; Opacity / retrocardiac	Stable retrocardiac airspace opacity.	History of pneumonia. Hemoptysis.
Crowded bronchovascular markings in the hilar and perihilar region, right lower lung zones. Low lung volumes. No noncalcified pulmonary nodules seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No small heart size. There is a right diaphragmatic hump. The soft tissues seen in the left cardiophrenic XXXX, could represent an ectatic descending aorta or hiatal hernia. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits. Degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine.	Markings / lung / lower lobe / hilum / right / bronchovascular ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, abnormal involuntary movements, XXXX. Shortness of breath, XXXX.
Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Lungs are clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX XXXX are grossly intact.	Lung / hypoinflation	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Shortness of breath, chest pain
Finding data is null	Pleural Effusion / left ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left ; Cardiomegaly / moderate	1. XXXX left pleural effusion and associated left basilar airspace disease. 2. Moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema.	Chest pain with shortness of breath.
There is stable mild cardiac enlargement. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.	Cardiomegaly / mild	Stable mild cardiomegaly. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is at the upper limits of  normal. Thoracic aorta is mildly ectatic, stable. Old right clavicular fracture is again noted.	Fractures, Bone / clavicle / right / healed ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild	Clear lungs.	Chest pain
Finding data is null	Nodule / thorax / scattered / multiple / small ; Calcified Granuloma / thorax / scattered / multiple / small	Heart size is normal. Multiple scattered small 4 mm nodules throughout the chest. These most XXXX represent calcified small granulomas. A low KV film XXXX demonstrate these are probably calcified.	chest pain
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	Chronic XXXX.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Granulomatous sequela are noted. The lungs are otherwise clear.	Granulomatous Disease	No acute disease.	Shortness of breath
Lungs are clear. Heart is normal size. Trachea is midline. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	History of tubal pregnancy. Spinal pain. No known XXXX.
No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. The previously<BR>described XXXX deformity in the midthoracic spine is again seen. There is subcutaneous shunt catheter tubing along the anterior chest wall	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae ; Catheters, Indwelling / thorax	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX, history of lung nodules.
Heart size within normal limits. Prominent interstitial and nodular opacities are increased since comparison exam. There is a 1 cm nodular opacity in the right costophrenic XXXX, increased since comparison examination. A cystic lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior examination. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Opacity / lung / interstitial / round / prominent ; Opacity / costophrenic angle / right / round ; Cysts / lung / upper lobe / right ; Cystic Fibrosis	Findings of cystic fibrosis with increased interstitial and nodular opacities, XXXX representing acute exacerbation on chronic changes of cystic fibrosis. .	XXXX-year-old XXXX, followup bronchiectasis. History of cystic fibrosis.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX onset of chest pain.
Normal heart size. Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. The lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Spine / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary process. .	Pain.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Chronic appearing left greater than right lung base scarring with possible small effusions. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.	Cicatrix / lung / base / bilateral / chronic ; Pleura / base / bilateral / abnormal / chronic ; Stents	1. Chronic appearing bibasilar pleural abnormality with possible small effusions. 2. No evidence of pneumonia. TIPS shunt visualized. .	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX, abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting.
Finding data is null	Markings / lung / hilum / bilateral / prominent / mild	Heart size upper limits of normal. The infrahilar pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally, which XXXX represents XXXX appearance for the patient but difficult to completely exclude some reactive airway/bronchitic changes in the absence of comparison radiographs.. No airspace consolidation or lobar atelectasis. No effusions or edema. Mediastinal contour unremarkable.	,585.9 chronic renal insuffcieny
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Five weeks pregnant, shortness of breath x1 month
Finding data is null	Pneumothorax / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / right ; Shift / mediastinum	Recurrent right pneumothorax, complete collapse of the right lung, near 100%. Right-to-left mediastinal shift is present, suggesting XXXX physiology.	Right pneumothorax.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. There are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding. Minimal atelectasis versus scarring seen in the left lung base. Right lung is clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left	Low lung volumes with minimal left basilar atelectasis versus scarring.	Chest pain.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace opacities. No pneumothorax. No effusions. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No XXXX deformities. Emphysematous changes.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Emphysema	Chronic lung disease, with no acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with dizziness.
Moderate cardiomegaly. Prominent vascular pedicle/upper mediastinal contour. Mild central vascular congestion. No overt edema or confluent lobar pneumonia. No pleural effusion. Thoracic spondylosis.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Mediastinum / blood vessels / prominent ; Pulmonary Congestion / mild ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute findings, see above.	Productive XXXX.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony changes.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Chest pain.
There is stable cardiomegaly. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. Defibrillator XXXX is in stable position. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is no focal airspace disease.	Cardiomegaly ; Implanted Medical Device	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX Lab, post ICD implantation.
Finding data is null	Implanted Medical Device / thorax / left ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	A cardiac pacemaker/defibrillator device is redemonstration of the left chest wall with a single XXXX projecting over the right atrium and 2 leads projecting over the right ventricle. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, unchanged. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. .	XXXX year old male status post cardiac defibrillator device placement presents for evaluation.
There is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic XXXX seen on lateral view. In addition, there is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm. This may represent attenuation artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus views would better evaluate. There is no pneumothorax. The XXXX lungs are clear. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.	Opacity / lung / base / right ; Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	1. Right basilar opacity with associated blunting of costophrenic XXXX on lateral view may represent small pleural effusion, atelectasis, and/or consolidation. 2. Interface at the left hemidiaphragm may represent artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus films would better evaluate.	Chest pain.
Finding data is null	Lung / hypoinflation ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	1. Low lung volumes 2. Exam limited on lateral view by superimposed soft tissue and bony structures of the arm 3. Lungs appear grossly clear. No evidence of pneumonia. 4. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal 5. Pleural spaces are clear 6. Mediastinal contours appear normal 7. No acute cardiopulmonary disease on this exam	Chronic pain after arrest
Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal heart. Trachea is midline.	normal	Normal chest exam.	Persistent XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal the lungs are clear	chest pain
The cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascularity are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes are present in the XXXX spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Exertional chest pain
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX pleural pain
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidations. The osseous structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with asthma.
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Multiple healed bilateral rib fractures. No acute bony abnormality is identified.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / bilateral / multiple / healed	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX, decreased breath sounds at bases.
Finding data is null	normal	The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. Normal heart size and mediastinal silhouette. No edema. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.	Positive PPD, no complaints
Normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. Interval removal of left-sided intravenous catheter. No pneumothorax. XXXX XXXX opacities obscuring the hemidiaphragms, slightly improved from prior exam.. Right-sided rib fractures again noted.	Diaphragm / bilateral / obscured ; Opacity / thorax ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / right	Mildly improved XXXX XXXX opacities, which may represent atelectasis, infiltrate and/or pleural effusions.	Dyspnea
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Dyspnea
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	64 female, shortness of breath
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Sternotomy sutures and coronary bypass clips remain intact.	Surgical Instruments	No active disease.	Chest pain.
Trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. There is dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	R/O TB 011.90
Finding data is null	Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / healed	Heart size normal and lungs are clear. Old healed left lateral rib fractures.	chest pain.
Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.	Cardiomegaly / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with chest pain on and XXXX since having stent placed last XXXX.
There is a subtle left medial base opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.	Opacity / lung / base / left	Subtle medial left basilar opacity could represent early pneumonia.	INDICATION data is null
Stable appearing bilateral calcified lymph XXXX. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. No focal opacity. No large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax.	Calcinosis / lymph nodes / bilateral	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Preop XXXX choli, chest pain, wheezing, gastroesophageal reflux disease, obstructive apnea. Obesity
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No displaced rib fractures identified.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman, XXXX with chest XXXX..
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. Small focal retrocardiac lung opacity.	Opacity / lung / retrocardiac / focal / small	Small left retrocardiac opacity, may represent minimal atelectasis or small focus of airspace disease.	XXXX-year-old with Left-sided chest pain
The lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with COPD. Mild cardiomegaly. No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta	No focal lung consolidation. COPD.	XXXX-year-old with dyspnea.
Moderate cardiomegaly with narrowed severe mediastinal contours. Been sternotomy XXXX noted. No pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. No focal lung consolidation.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Deformity / mediastinum / severe	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Moderate cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary edema.	Unexplained leukocytosis, please rule out pneumonia
Finding data is null	Nodule / lung / lingula	Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable lingular nodule, presumably granuloma . No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or interval airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.	XXXX, dyspnea
2 images. There is a poorly defined lung nodule in the right upper lobe measuring approximately 7 mm and partially superimposed upon anterior right second rib. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Critical result notification documented through Primordial.	Nodule / lung / upper lobe / right	7 mm right upper lobe lung nodule. Recommend followup characterization with XXXX.	XXXX for one XXXX.
Heart size is normal. There is left hilar enlargement with partial opacification of the left upper lobe suggestive of hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. Questionable small right midlung nodule. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	Lung / hilum / enlarged ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left	Suspected left hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. XXXX thorax for further characterization.	XXXX-year-old male with shortness of breath.
Finding data is null	Opacity / pleura / right ; Thickening / pleura / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right ; Opacity / lung / hilum / right / round ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / hilum / right ; Pleural Effusion / hilum / right ; Opacity / lung / lower lobe / left ; Cicatrix / lung / lower lobe / left ; Pleural Effusion / right / focal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. XXXX right pleural opacity along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening and/or some loculated effusion, accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis / airspace disease within the right lung base. Round opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on PA view is XXXX on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated with the upper aspect of the XXXX fissure. Some XXXX opacities compatible with scarring/chronic inflammatory change are seen within the left lower lung which are more conspicuous versus previous examination. Stable mediastinal contour.	XXXX, XXXX AND CHILLS, NONPROD. COUGHT, HAS XXXX FIBROTIC LUNG DISEASE BUT HAS NO RECENT CXR.;
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX, XXXX.
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Right lower lung patchy opacities. Small right pneumothorax. Small right pleural effusion.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right / patchy ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right / patchy ; Pneumothorax / apex / right / small ; Pleural Effusion / right / small ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right	1. Small right apical pneumothorax. 2. Right middle and lower lobe patchy opacities, XXXX residual atelectasis. 3. Near-complete resolution of right-sided pleural effusion with XXXX residual. .	XXXX-year-old status post thoracentesis
There is a left-sided cardiac pacemaker identified whose leads are stable in position overlying the right atrial appendage and right ventricle. Persistent cardiomegaly. XXXX calcifications are noted of the mitral valve. There are bilateral pleural effusions. Mild subsegmental atelectasis of the right lung base. No pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Mild elevation right diaphragm. Bone demineralization.	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Cardiomegaly ; Calcinosis / mitral valve ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right / mild ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Diaphragm / right / elevated / mild ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic	1. Stable position a left-sided pacemaker leads. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. 3. Small bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left.	Pacemaker Generator XXXX change
Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Osseous structures intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. Contrast is seen within the bilateral kidneys, from prior examination.	Contrast Media / abdomen	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old female with history of hemoptysis for the XXXX 2.5 hours.
Calcified granuloma is noted in the left upper lobe. There are low lung volumes, with bronchovascular crowding as a result. Heart size is within normal limits. Normal mediastinal contours. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. No free subdiaphragmatic air. The osseous structures are grossly intact.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular	Low lung volumes. No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea.
Finding data is null	Nodule / lung / middle lobe / right ; Calcinosis / lung / middle lobe / right	Heart size normal. Lungs clear. Stable 5 mm calcified right midlung nodule	History of dyspnea
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with hyperosmolar state.
Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact.	Density / thorax / round / multiple ; Granulomatous Disease / chronic	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with seizures
The heart is enlarged. The left subclavian ICD is again identified. There is again hilar enlargement, XXXX superimposes enlarged pulmonary vasculature. XXXX opacities are unchanged and compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no large pleural effusion or focal consolidation.	Cardiomegaly / severe ; Implanted Medical Device / left ; Lung / hilum / enlarged ; Opacity / lung ; Pulmonary Atelectasis ; Cicatrix / lung	Stable moderate to marked cardiomegaly.	Dyspnea
Cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Clear lung XXXX bilaterally.	Cardiomegaly	1. Cardiomegaly.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Finding data is null	Lung / hypoinflation ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right / focal ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left	The lungs are hypoinflated. There is focal airspace disease in the right lung base concerning for pneumonia or aspiration. There is minimal airspace disease in the left lung base, XXXX atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Heart size is normal.	Congestion, abdominal distention. History of XXXX and right-sided paralysis.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	Transplant patient.
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. No nodules or masses.	right chest pain
Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable.	No Indexing	No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease	Shortness of breath.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size normal and lungs are clear. No edema or pneumonia. No effusion	dyspnea.
Calcified granulomas are present. There is an area of focal density overlying the right first rib and medial clavicle. This is approximately 1.2 cm in diameter. It may be secondary to overlapping structures. Lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal. Calcifications of the aortic XXXX are seen. The skeletal structures are unremarkable. There has been a left mastectomy.	Calcified Granuloma / multiple ; Density / ribs / right / focal ; Density / clavicle / right / focal ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Mastectomy / left	1. Focal density overlying the right first rib and medial right clavicle. This could be bony in origin but an underlying pulmonary lesion cannot be excluded. No prior images are currently available for comparison. If outside images are available comparison is recommended. Otherwise XXXX scan of the chest.	History of breast cancer with mastectomy. COPD.
Stable scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Cicatrix / lung / apex / right ; Spine / degenerative	Stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality noted.	hemopytosis
Examination is somewhat limited, the costophrenic XXXX and posterior costophrenic sulci are excluded. Patient is rotated to the right. Heart size upper limits normal, but stable. Mediastinal contour is grossly unremarkable. Lung parenchyma is clear, no focal airspace consolidation. No large effusion, no visible pneumothorax within the limits of the study.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Costophrenic Angle / obscured ; Costophrenic Angle / sulcus / posterior / obscured ; Cardiomegaly / mild	1. Exam somewhat limited, costophrenic XXXX excluded. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly. 3. Clear lungs.	XXXX-year-old male, and dizziness.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear.	INDICATION data is null
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic sulcus which could be secondary to a small effusion versus scarring. No focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted	Blunting of the right costophrenic sulcus could be secondary to a XXXX effusion versus scarring. No focal airspace consolidation.	XXXX-year-old male with seizure, ethanol abuse
Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Low lung volumes.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Lung / hypoinflation	Unremarkable examination of the chest.	XXXX x2 weeks. Chest pain.
The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is no focal opacity.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / focal ; Pneumonia / upper lobe / right	After further review with staff radiologist there is a right upper lobe focal opacity XXXX reflecting pneumonia.	Rule out pneumonia.
Heart is mildly enlarged but stable. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. The patient is status post valve replacement. XXXX sternotomy XXXX intact. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Residuals of prior granulomatous infection. Degenerative change of the spine. No pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Granulomatous Disease ; Spine / degenerative ; Implanted Medical Device / heart	1. Stable cardiomegaly without evidence for acute pulmonary process.	Chest pain this a.m.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute findings.	Hemoptysis
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX, sore throat, headache
Stable cardiomegaly, XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX, several of which are interrupted, and mediastinal clips. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes.	Cardiomegaly ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Surgical Instruments / mediastinum ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	Stable cardiomegaly without heart failure.	XXXX-year-old male. Chest pain.
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with shortness of breath.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Midsternal chest pain radiating to left arm. Shortness of breath.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Cardiac silhouette is at top limits of normal. Aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Partially visualized ORIF XXXX involving the left proximal humerus. Deformity of the left distal clavicle compatible with remote XXXX. No displaced rib fractures on this chest examination.	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Rib pain, XXXX.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Dyspnea
The left and right XXXX remain enlarged and unchanged. Lungs are free of infiltrates. Heart size normal.	Lung / hilum / lymph nodes / bilateral / enlarged	Stable bilateral hilar adenopathy.	H/O SARCOIDOSIS
Low lung volumes. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.	Lung / hypoinflation	Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax. Left costophrenic opacity may represent pleural or pericardial fat.	Opacity / costophrenic angle / left	Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. XXXX convexity also present on the previous exam.	normal	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, pain
There is prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patient's known thyroid mass. There is increased tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal opacification. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is scoliotic curvature the thoracic spine. No acute bone abnormality.	Mediastinum / prominent ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae	Increasing prominence of the superior mediastinum may be secondary to enlarging thyroid mass. With increasing tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and concern for dissection, chest CT is recommended for further evaluation.	XXXX-year-old female, rule out dissection.
XXXX XXXX and lateral views of the chest were obtained on 02/010/XXXX. The lung volumes are normal. The lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. There is stable mild tenting of the medial aspect of the right diaphragm. The mediastinum and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The bony elements are not remarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. END OF REPORT.	XXXX-year-old male with pulmonary stenosis.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Calcinosis / mediastinum	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, hypoxia
Finding data is null	Volume Loss / lung / upper lobe / right ; Cavitation / lung / upper lobe / right ; Pulmonary Fibrosis / upper lobe / right	Left lung clear. Heart size normal. No change right upper lobe volume loss and fibrosis. No change right upper lobe cavitation.	followup pneumonia
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	chest pain
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion. Chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. No pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta / tortuous ; Deformity / ribs / bilateral / chronic ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / bilateral / multiple / healed	No acute findings.	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX not otherwise specified
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiac abnormality. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	Cardiomegaly / mild	Mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No active infectious/tuberculous process.	XXXX-year-old woman, long-term care placement..
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	No Indexing	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Shortness of breath.
Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart and mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Bony thorax intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrates stable mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine as well as chronic left-sided rib fractures without acute abnormality.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple / mild ; Lumbar Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple / mild ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / chronic	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with shortness of breath, XXXX.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	XXXX.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Chronic appearing contour deformity of the right posterolateral 7th rib again noted suggestive of old injury.	Deformity / ribs / right / chronic	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX, difficulty breathing
The heart is slightly large. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. No infiltrates.	Cardiomegaly / mild	Slight cardiomegaly with no failure or pneumonia.	XXXX
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.	palpitations
Mild cardiomegaly. Tortuous thoracic aorta with atherosclerosis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine without evidence of XXXX deformity. The visualized osseous structures are intact. No displaced rib fractures. No edema or airspace consolidation	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Seizure
Cardiomediastinal contour stable and within normal limits. Changes of prior CABG again noted. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Streaky bibasilar opacities decreased from previous, possibly subsegmental atelectasis and/or scar. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. Redemonstrated severe L1 XXXX fracture. Slight interval increase in XXXX loss of T11 and there is XXXX mild to moderate anterior XXXX loss of T10. Degenerative changes of the spine. Abdominal aortic stent.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky ; Fractures, Bone / lumbar vertebrae / severe ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / anterior / moderate ; Deformity / lumbar vertebrae / severe ; Spine / degenerative ; Stents / aorta	1. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. 2. Mild to moderate T10 vertebral body anterior XXXX deformity, XXXX from XXXX. Slight interval increase in XXXX loss of T11. Unchanged severe L1 XXXX deformity. If further imaging characterization is needed, recommend MRI. Findings will be conveyed to the ordering physician XXXX the Primordial communication XXXX.	XXXX
Finding data is null	Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic	Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Atherosclerotic changes in the thoracic aorta. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	PNUEMONIA exsmoker x 10 yrs hx XXXX onset asthma x 5 yrs f/u pneumonia x 1 XXXX ago XXXX XXXX experiencing dyspnea
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no evidence for mass lung apices. The heart is normal. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. The skeletal structures are unremarkable.	Atherosclerosis / aorta	1. No acute pulmonary disease. No evidence for apical mass.	Possible XXXX tumor left arm pain and weakness for 3 weeks.
Normal cardiac contour. Clear lung XXXX bilaterally. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative seen throughout cervical spine.	Cervical Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX yr old female with dyspnea.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Low lung volumes. without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited lateral view given overlapping tissue silhouettes. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	Low lung volumes, otherwise clear.	XXXX-year-old female. Weakness. Multiple sclerosis.
There is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm, suggesting left retrocardiac airspace disease. This is not identified in the lateral view, which is limited by rotation. No evidence for effusion.	Diaphragm / left / obscured ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / left	Left basilar airspace disease. Recommend follow up chest x-XXXX to document resolution XXXX for better characterization.	XXXX since end of XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The costophrenic XXXX are blunted. The interstitial markings are slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic disease/emphysema. No focal consolidation is seen.	Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted / mild ; Markings / lung / interstitial / prominent / mild	Mild costophrenic XXXX blunting suggesting XXXX bilateral pleural effusions and/or thickening. No acute infiltrate.	Hx of prostate, kidney cancer. COPD.
Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact. The trachea and XXXX pulmonary bronchi are unremarkable.	normal	Normal chest radiograph.	XXXX-year-old male with asthma
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Aorta / tortuous	There is mild to moderate cardiomegaly. Tortuous and ectatic appearing aorta. No overt edema. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	Syncope.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. XXXX scoliosis is unchanged. Visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Scoliosis	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process or significant interval change.	Chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. There is a calcified granuloma within the left lung base. There is suggestion of a deep sulcus sign on the right. No definite pleural line of pneumothorax visualized. There is age-indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Age-indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies.	XXXX-year-old woman with XXXX
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. There is interval improvement in the right lower lobe airspace disease. There is XXXX mild air space opacity in that distribution. No XXXX airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right / mild ; Consolidation / lung / lower lobe / right ; Pneumonia / lower lobe / right / mild ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / right	Improved right lower lobe consolidation with mild residual or recurrent pneumonia. Recommend radiographic follow up after appropriate therapy to confirm resolution. If there is no improvement consider XXXX for further evaluation. .	Right upper quadrant abdominal pain and nonproductive XXXX for one XXXX.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Gastrostomy tube is noted.	Tube, Inserted	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX and XXXX..
Heart size normal. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. A bullet is noted in the soft tissues of the inferior right chest wall. No acute bony abnormality.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Foreign Bodies / thorax / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX year old female with left lower lobe infiltrate in XXXX.
Limited exam as the left costophrenic XXXX is excluded from the PA view. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Mild lung hyperinflation. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is large calcified granuloma within the medial right lung base. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Mild multilevel degenerative changes seen within the thoracic spine. No visible acute fracture. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right / large ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple / mild	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. 2. Mild hyperinflation.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Finding data is null	Airspace Disease / lung / bilateral / patchy / severe ; Pleural Effusion / posterior ; Lung / apex / bilateral / obscured	Extensive patchy bilateral airspace disease. Probable XXXX posterior recess pleural effusion. Grossly normal heart size. Chin obscures the pulmonary apices.	Weakness
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary disease.	SYNCOPE
No acute osseous abnormality. Stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	Thoracic Vertebrae / scattered / degenerative ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary or osseous process.	XXXX-year-old woman with back pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated with increased peripheral lung markings noted predominantly in the right upper and lower lung. There is no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion. Mild eventration of left hemidiaphragm is noted.	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Lung / hypoinflation / mild ; Markings / lung / upper lobe / right ; Markings / lung / lower lobe / right ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / left / mild ; Opacity / thorax / scattered	Scattered XXXX opacities may be secondary to scarring and underlying emphysematous changes versus mild interstitial lung disease. No acute infiltrate.	abd pain, rales at right base
Finding data is null	Emphysema	Heart normal. Lungs clear. Upper lobe XXXX and emphysema.	bronchitis
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. XXXX XXXX foreign body is noted in the soft tissues of the left chest wall.	Foreign Bodies / thorax / left	No evidence of active disease.	Multiple myeloma
There are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. There is stable prominence of the right cardiac silhouette. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base ; Cardiac Shadow / right / prominent ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / chronic	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, status post cardiac arrest
Stable right chest wall pacemaker with leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. Stable cardiomegaly. Calcified thoracic aorta is unchanged. Stable mild interstitial opacities. Unchanged dense retrocardiac opacities. No pneumothorax or large effusion.	Implanted Medical Device / right ; Cardiomegaly ; Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic ; Opacity / lung / interstitial / mild ; Opacity / retrocardiac	Stable chest with stable position right chest pacemaker and leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. No pneumothorax identified. .	ICD pacemaker implant.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Small hiatal hernia.	Hernia, Hiatal / small	No acute findings. Small hiatal hernia.	Preop bariatric surgery.
Lungs appear to be clear other than a calcified granuloma on left. Heart is not enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. There is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine and there are multiple XXXX deformities. A stimulator is seen.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / left ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / multiple ; Osteoporosis ; Implanted Medical Device	No acute pulmonary disease. Multiple thoracic XXXX deformities XXXX due to osteoporosis.	Bilateral rib pain and shortness of breath.
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. There is right middle lobe airspace disease, may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Elevated right hemidiaphragm.	Airspace Disease / lung / middle lobe / right ; Diaphragm / right / elevated	Right middle lobe airspace disease may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. .	Abdominal pain. Recent pneumonia.
Finding data is null	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / degenerative ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / bilateral ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / bilateral / interstitial / round / small / mild	Heart size normal. Degenerative spurring of thoracic spine. Calcified right and left hilar lymph XXXX. There is minimal interstitial nodular opacities in the right and left midlung. This could be consistent with sarcoidosis. The small nodular opacities were present on the old CT scan from XXXX	History of sarcoidosis of the skin
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Chest pain
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact. There is a small calcified granuloma in the right midlung.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right / small	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male with left upper abdominal pain.
There is persistent, marked enlargement of the pulmonary arteries. Normal heart size. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.	Pulmonary Artery / enlarged / severe	1. Enlarged pulmonary arteries. This may be due to previous/chronic pulmonary embolism or XXXX pulmonary arterial hypertension. 2. No evidence of pneumonia or other acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with history of pulmonary embolism.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain, dyspnea.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX XXXX
There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Soft tissue structures are within normal limits. Normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain.
Lumbar and are low. No infiltrates. Heart size normal. A large hiatal hernia is present. An age-indeterminate XXXX fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra. Scoliosis is present in the thoracic and thoracolumbar spine.	Hernia, Hiatal / large ; Fractures, Bone / thoracic vertebrae ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae	No visible active cardiopulmonary disease.	chest pain
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. The right costophrenic sulcus is blunted. There is an the right base XXXX/fluid level. The left lung is clear.	Costophrenic Angle / sulcus / right / blunted ; Pleural Effusion / right / small ; Hernia, Hiatal	1. Right-sided small pleural effusion. 2. Right base XXXX/fluid level. Atypical location for a hiatal hernia. Cannot exclude a right lower lobe cavity. Correlation XXXX scan recommended. Does not appear to be a hydropneumothorax or empyema.	History of XXXX. Increasing right lower extremity pain.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Shortness of breath
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Large bilateral hilar calcified lymph XXXX/granulomas. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / bilateral / multiple / large ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / bilateral / multiple / large	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. There are scattered nodular opacities, XXXX calcified granulomas. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.	Medical Device ; Opacity / scattered / round / multiple ; Calcified Granuloma / scattered / round / multiple ; Granulomatous Disease	No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Probable previous granulomatous disease.	Dizzy. Unable to XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male. Left chest pain. Alleged physical assault.
Heart size and vascularity normal. Lungs are clear. No effusions. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures unremarkable.	normal	Normal chest.	Correlation with ventilation/perfusion scan, chest pain, elevated CCK levels.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Negative chest .	XXXX for one XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. There is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / left	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	Chest pain
Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is a cardiac XXXX with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. There are atherosclerotic calcifications.	Catheters, Indwelling ; Atherosclerosis	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX.2,780.79,786.05 bronchitis, fatigue, sob
Finding data is null	normal	Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease. Unchanged.	POSTERIORCHEST PX/BACK PX nonsmoker with posterior midline chest pain with radiating rt back tenderness around level of T8 x 1-2 wks no known XXXX or disease processes
Calcified left hilar lymph node. Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX, XXXX, dyspnea
Normal cardiac size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. No airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax. Negative for acute osseous deformity. The thoracic spine has a normal appearance.	normal	Unremarkable 2 views of the chest.	This is a XXXX-year-old XXXX status post XXXX with XXXX injuries.
The heart size is normal. There is vascular congestion in bilateral hilar areas. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. No acute bony abnormalities. No effusion or infiltrate. No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.	Pulmonary Congestion / hilum / bilateral ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened	1. Hyperexpanded lungs. 2. Otherwise normal chest x-XXXX.	XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female, productive XXXX and dyspnea for one month.
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest.	XXXX XXXX BMT W/U LAB;
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / left ; Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / left ; Pleural Effusion / lower lobe / left	Heart size normal. Right lung clear. Persistent but decreased left lower lobe atelectasis infiltrate and effusion.	Has a history of followup pleural effusion.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Clear lungs.	Preop for ear surgery. History of tobacco use.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female chest pain.
Stable position of right central venous catheter. Interval removal of nasogastric tube. Heart size is normal. Persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe. There are no XXXX focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Markings / lung / upper lobe / right / interstitial / prominent	No acute abnormality. Stable chest.	XXXX-year-old male with history of AIDS presents with XXXX
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. A tortuous, calcified thoracic aorta is present. The lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with emphysema. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.	Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Emphysema	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX
Low lung volumes. XXXX normal heart size. No pneumothorax. No large effusion. No focal infiltrate.	Lung / hypoinflation	Low lung volumes, no acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old with hypertension.
Finding data is null	normal	The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Throat pain, XXXX, XXXX-year-old female
Finding data is null	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral ; Diaphragm / bilateral / elevated	Decreasing lung volumes. Probable bilateral pleural effusions and elevation of both hemidiaphragms.	History XXXX
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. Specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process.	XXXX-year-old woman with positive PPD..
Stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. Marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis, again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. Stable prominent ovoid opacity (4.3 x 2.8 XXXX) XXXX a large left upper lobe XXXX, XXXX reflecting a superimposed aspergilloma-as more readily demonstrated on the previous CT chest study from XXXX. No XXXX areas of alveolar airspace consolidation are identified. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Bullous Emphysema / lung / upper lobe / bilateral / severe ; Bronchiectasis / upper lobe / bilateral ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left / prominent	1. Marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis, again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. Stable suspected superimposed left upper lobe aspergilloma - as more readily demonstrated on the previous CT chest study from XXXX.	XXXX year-old female with hemoptysis. History of sarcoidosis.
Compared to prior examination, there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally, with improved bilateral airspace opacities. Currently, there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung, which may represent mild residual airspace disease, atelectasis, or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. No large focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or definite pleural effusions identified. The mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. No acute osseous abnormality is identified.	Opacity / lung / middle lobe / bilateral / streaky / mild ; Airspace Disease / lung / bilateral	Significant improvement in bilateral airspace disease and improved aeration bilaterally as described above.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX.
The heart size is upper limits of normal. Mediastinal contour appears normal and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	Borderline heart size. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX, edema.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. [Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits>]. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Chest pressure.
The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is a calcified density in the left mid lung, most XXXX a calcified granuloma. Lungs are otherwise clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. Specifically, there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. The bony structures show no acute abnormalities.	Calcinosis / lung / lingula ; Density / lung / lingula ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No active pulmonary disease.	R/O TB FEMALE WITH PPD
Cardiac silhouette within normal limits. No edema or airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old with wheezing.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Left-sided chest XXXX is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. Numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number XXXX compared to prior study. The dominant nodule/mass in the left midlung is also mildly increased. There is no pleural effusion.	Catheters, Indwelling ; Nodule / lung / bilateral / multiple ; Nodule / lung / lingula / prominent	Interval increase in size and number of innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with worsening metastatic disease.	Metastatic colon cancer
Finding data is null	Lung / hypoinflation / severe ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral	Very low lung volumes, bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar areas of atelectasis. No lobar consolidation. No appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits.	Chest pain
There is a XXXX moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level noted. XXXX airspace opacity at the superior segment of the right lower lobe. No visualized pneumothorax. The right lateral heart XXXX is obscured. The left lung is clear without focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.	Pleural Effusion / right / moderate ; Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right ; Heart / right / obscured ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / right ; Hydropneumothorax / right	XXXX airspace disease within the superior segment of the right lower lobe with moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level. Follow up to resolution or cross sectional imaging of the chest recommended to rule out malignancy.	XXXX-year-old woman, vomiting
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX with shortness of breath
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX year-old male, XXXX.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Multiple XXXX-filled loops of bowel are present. Gastrostomy is noted.	normal	1. Clear lungs.	Pre-op evaluation, XXXX surgery.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Abdomen / enlarged / mild	Borderline heart size. Aortic atherosclerosis. Small volume effusions and basilar airspace disease. Right-sided central catheter tip low SVC. NG tube has been removed. There is mild XXXX-distention of this stomach.	Decreased breath sounds
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild emphysematous changes are noted. Bilateral apical pleural scarring is present. Calcified granuloma is present within the right lower lobe. The XXXX are generally unremarkable.	Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Emphysema / mild ; Cicatrix / pleura / apex / bilateral ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Stable XXXX XXXX, including elongation of the left ventricle and tortuous thoracic aorta. Subcarinal calcified lymph XXXX. XXXX lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Calcinosis / trachea, carina / lymph nodes ; Heart Ventricles / left / enlarged	Negative for acute abnormality. Left ventricular enlargement. Tortuous thoracic aorta.	XXXX-year-old male. Chest pain.
Trachea is midline. Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.	normal	Normal chest exam.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX loss and ESR of 92.
Heart size is normal. No focal infiltrates. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Mildly tortuous aorta.	Aorta / tortuous / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Left-sided chest pain.
Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size for AP technique. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There are no acute bony findings.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild	Mildly hypoinflated, grossly clear lungs. .	XXXX, nausea, vomiting, chest pain.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Heart size upper limit of normal. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with pain.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. There is a XXXX 10 XXXX nodule in the right apex projecting between the third and fourth posterior ribs. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Scattered XXXX densities throughout the chest from prior gunshot wound. Chronic blunting of the costophrenic XXXX. Healed right 10th and left 9th posterolateral rib fracture.	Nodule / lung / apex / right ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Density / thorax / scattered ; Costophrenic Angle / blunted / chronic ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / right / posterior / healed	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. XXXX right apical nodule. Further evaluation XXXX chest should be considered to exclude the possibility of pulmonary malignancy. 3.Chronic findings as discussed below.	Syncope
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Chest pain. Liver pain.
The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No focal opacities. There is no large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. There is XXXX deformities involving multiple vertebral bodies of the thoracic spine which appear stable compared to the previous exam.	Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable XXXX deformities of the upper thoracic segments.	XXXX-year-old male with atrial fibrillation
Finding data is null	normal	Normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No infiltrates. Normal X-XXXX of chest.	XXXX. Dyspnea.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX
Moderate-to-marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior. Mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting, interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination.	Cardiomegaly ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Opacity / lung / multiple / abnormal ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / bilateral / interstitial ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / pulmonary alveoli / bilateral ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial ; Opacity / lung / base / pulmonary alveoli / bilateral ; Pulmonary Edema ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / severe ; Sulcus / bilateral / posterior / blunted / mild ; Pulmonary Congestion	1. Cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration, clinical correlation recommended	XXXX-year-old male, short of breath
The heart size and cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The obstruction are intact with mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain dyspnea.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is XXXX airspace opacity in the mid right lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures. The XXXX fissure is convex upward. There is right base patchy airspace opacity. This appears chronic and may be due to scarring. There is no significant pleural effusion.	Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right ; Opacity / lung / base / right / patchy ; Consolidation / lung / upper lobe / right	Right upper lobe airspace consolidation Please correlate clinically for pneumonia.	XXXX, shortness of breath, history of pneumonia 6 months ago.
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	HYPERTENSION;
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta / tortuous ; Opacity / right / paratracheal ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / mild ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / degenerative ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	Mild cardiomegaly. Tortuous aorta. No XXXX consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable right paratracheal opacity. XXXX correlated XXXX of the chest XXXX, XXXX this represents vascular shadows. Mild right apex curvature of the lower thoracic spine. Degenerative endplate spurring mid and lower thoracic spine with minimal grade 1 anterolisthesis of a lower thoracic vertebral level, XXXX T10 on T11.	Dyspnea
The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Calcified lymph XXXX are demonstrated in the left hilum. No focal pulmonary consolidation. Diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, consistent with the patient's history of known pulmonary fibrosis, with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. The thoracic spine appears intact.	Cardiac Shadow / irregular ; Lung Diseases, Interstitial / bilateral / diffuse ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left ; Markings / lung / bilateral / interstitial / diffuse ; Pulmonary Fibrosis / bilateral / diffuse	1. Redemonstration of diffuse bilateral pulmonary fibrosis with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. No focal pulmonary consolidation. .	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. The lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pulmonary nodules. Bony structures are intact.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	Chest pain.
No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusion. Mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female chest pain.
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary disease.	sob
Finding data is null	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / moderate ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / moderate	Normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No infiltrates. Moderate scoliosis in the thoracolumbar spine. Normal X-XXXX of chest.	Tobacco abuse. XXXX for 3-4 weeks and also XXXX, 10 XXXX.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Tortuous aorta. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	Aorta / tortuous	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Headache. Hypertension.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No radiodense foreign bodies noted. No acute osseous findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Abdominal pain, foreign body sensation in distal esophagus after attempting to XXXX pills
There is minimal XXXX opacity in the left lung base, XXXX representing atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	Opacity / lung / base / left / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left	Left base atelectasis. Lungs otherwise clear. .	491.21
Left-sided medication injection XXXX has its tip projecting at the cavoatrial junction. The trachea is midline. Extensive bilateral bronchiectasis, cystic changes, and scarring represents sequela from the patient's cystic fibrosis. No evidence of focal pulmonary infiltrate or pleural effusion. No large pneumothorax has developed in the interim. The overlying bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. The heart size is normal.	Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Bronchiectasis / bilateral / severe ; Cicatrix / lung / bilateral / severe ; Cysts / lung / bilateral / severe ; Cystic Fibrosis	1. Extensive pulmonary bronchiectasis and scarring from cystic fibrosis, not significantly XXXX from prior. 2. Left-sided medication injection XXXX has its tip projecting over the cavoatrial junction. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old woman, preop lung transplant.
Finding data is null	Diaphragm / right / elevated	Stable normal heart size. Elevated right diaphragm. Lungs are clear.	XXXX
XXXX sternotomy XXXX remain in XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable. There is evidence of granulomatous disease.	Granulomatous Disease	1. Clear lungs.	XXXX-year-old male with history of EtOH abuse with XXXX.
Finding data is null	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Opacity / lung / hilum / right ; Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Pneumothorax / apex / right ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Opacity / lung / base / right / streaky / multiple ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right	Stable right-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip approximating the SVC. Stable right suprahilar opacity, compatible with history of right upper lobe mass. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Right-sided pneumothorax noted measuring approximately 1.8 cm from the the right apex. Stable postsurgical changes left axilla. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. Stable streaky opacities right base. XXXX opacity right midlung, question fluid level, incompletely evaluated, no recent XXXX for comparison.	XXXX-year-old female, status post chest tube removal, evaluate for pneumothorax.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Dyspnea
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Aortic XXXX, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. Central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Dextro-convex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormality.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest pain
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain.
The heart is borderline size. Aorta is atherosclerotic. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta	Mild stable cardiomegaly.	Dyspnea
Finding data is null	No Indexing	Heart size upper limits normal. Sternotomy. Right-sided aortic XXXX. Lungs are clear.	History of dyspnea
Finding data is null	Aorta / tortuous ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / left / patchy ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / upper lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Surgical Instruments / lung / hilum / right	Heart size is top normal. Tortuous aorta. No edema. Patchy left upper right basilar atelectasis. No pneumothorax. Right hilar surgical clips.	Altered mental status
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. No interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base. These opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior examination. Mild left-sided volume loss redemonstrated, unchanged. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.	Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial / diffuse ; Opacity / lung / base / left / interstitial / diffuse ; Volume Loss / lung / left / mild ; Lung Diseases, Interstitial	1. Slight interval worsening of the diffusely increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and the left lung base. These findings are most consistent with slight interval worsening of the patient's known interstitial lung disease. 2. Stable, mild left-sided volume loss. .	XXXX-year-old male with history of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis presents for evaluation.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. The descending thoracic aorta is tortuous.	Diaphragmatic Eventration / right ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous	1. No evidence of active disease.	Head neck cancer
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pneumoperitoneum. Limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Abdominal pain and chest pain, high lipase
Heart size is normal in cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No XXXX consolidations. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable. Lungs are hyperinflated.	Lung / hyperdistention	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality	sob
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Intermittent back pain x2-3 days, now right-sided chest pain under ribs.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Aorta is tortuous. Right chest XXXX tip is visualized at the proximal right atrium. The lungs are grossly clear. No pneumothorax is seen. There are deformities of the left lateral 7th and 8th ribs possibly healing or old fractures.	Aorta / tortuous ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Deformity / ribs / left / multiple	No acute disease.	EVALUATE FOR METASTATIC DISEASE;
The heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Low lung volumes. Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Aorta / tortuous ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Diaphragm / right / elevated / mild ; Opacity / lung / lower lobe / right / streaky ; Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / right / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / right	Streaky right lower lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old male with history of XXXX x1 and vomiting/hemoptysis for one XXXX.
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Calcified left suprahilar XXXX. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / left	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.	normal	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Chest tightness and dizziness with exertion x1 XXXX.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	XXXX, throat pain, right ear pain
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	MVC. Back pain.
Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within this. There is no opacity. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Hyperlucent right apex with hyperinflation consistent with emphysematous changes.	Lung, Hyperlucent / apex / right ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Emphysema	Emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Preop, neck infection.
No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Mild degenerative change thoracic spine. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size normal limits.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	Surgery for goiter, XXXX-year-old female.
Finding data is null	Stents / abdomen	Heart size upper limits of normal. Grossly clear lungs with no effusions. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. TIPS stent incidentally noted.	LIVER TRANSPLANT EVALUATION
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	Preoperative for knee arthroscopy.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	Dyspnea.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. There has been apparent interval increase in low density convexity at the left cardiophrenic XXXX. Calcified granuloma is again seen in the right upper lobe. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right ; Density / cardiophrenic angle / left	Increased size of density in the left cardiophrenic XXXX. Primary differential considerations include increased size of prominent epicardial fat, pericardial mass, pleural mass or cardiac aneurysm. CT chest with contrast is recommended. These findings and recommendations were discussed XXXX. XXXX by Dr. XXXX XXXX telephone at XXXX p.m. XXXX/XXXX. Dr. XXXX<XXXX>technologist receipt of the results.	Chest pain today. History of stent placement 7+ years ago.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no lobar consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Chest pain
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear.	wheezes.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. There is subphrenic intraperitoneal extraluminal XXXX free XXXX.	Pneumoperitoneum	1. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. 2. Pneumoperitoneum, attributed to the patient's recent abdominal surgery.	Postop abdominal pain.
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. is not diffuse interstitial prominence, which has chronic appearance. Cannot exclude early pulmonary edema. Two airspace consolidation or effusion. XXXX are osteopenic. No visible pneumothorax.	Consolidation / lung ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic ; Airspace Disease / lung ; Pulmonary Congestion / mild	Mild interstitial prominence, XXXX chronic though could reflect early pulmonary edema.	Pain
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	XXXX rule out pneumonia
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate healed, remote bilateral rib fractures without acute abnormality.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / bilateral / multiple / healed	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with left-sided chest pain, XXXX..
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild blunting of right costophrenic XXXX. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear.	Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted / mild	No acute disease.	WEAKNESS OF MUSCLES; hx XXXX nodules; XXXX for changes in lungs
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female diffuse chest pain.
There are no acute osseous abnormalities. There are surgical clips in the right upper abdomen, XXXX from cholecystectomy. Normal heart size. Normal hilar vascular markings. The lungs are grossly clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax.	Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right	No evidence of active TB.	XXXX with history of positive TB skin test.
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right	Mild hyperinflation, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	Abdominal pain.
Diffuse bilateral coarse interstitial markings are unchanged. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Degenerative changes of the shoulder. Soft tissues are unremarkable..	Markings / lung / bilateral / interstitial / diffuse ; Shoulder / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old male, lightheaded.
Finding data is null	Tube, Inserted / trachea ; Density / lung / lower lobe / left / irregular ; Pulmonary Emphysema ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / left / irregular ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted / mild ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae ; Density / ribs / left / posterior / irregular ; Deformity / ribs / left	1. Tracheostomy tube in satisfactory position with tip in the mid intrathoracic trachea. 2. Ill-defined 2.5 cm x 1.9 cm irregular density in the left lower lung, XXXX lower lobe. This is superimposed on a background of probable emphysematous lung. Although this could be scar, concern is for nodule, and further evaluation XXXX chest is recommended. A message was left with doctor XXXX' service at 142 pm XXXX/11. 3. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting XXXX due to small bilateral pleural effusions versus due to the degree of lung hyperinflation. 4. Osteopenia. Minimal loss of XXXX of an upper thoracic vertebra. 5. Irregular 1.8 cm density projecting over the left posterior rib 8 XXXX callus with XXXX similar less severe changes involving the two subjacent ribs posteriorly. 6. Heart size normal.	XXXX failure status post ventilator.
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormality is identified.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Dizziness
There has been interval development of a large right-sided pleural effusion. The left lung is clear. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size mediastinal contours are within normal limits. XXXX deformity is noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body.	Pleural Effusion / right / large ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae	Interval development of large right-sided pleural effusion. XXXX deformity noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body XXXX relates to XXXX deformity described on previous CT scan.	Decreased oxygen saturation.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. Costophrenic XXXX are blunted, XXXX corresponding to small bilateral pleural effusions. There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small	Low lung volumes with blunted costophrenic XXXX, XXXX XXXX bilateral pleural effusions.	Pre-XXXX, XXXX depression
Right XXXX-A-XXXX is in XXXX. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Some prominent perihilar opacities are present. Some vague small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone. These are slightly more prominent than on the previous study. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	Opacity / lung / hilum / prominent ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / round / small	Perihilar opacities which may represent changes due to bronchiectasis. Vague nodular opacities in the right lung zone may represent dilated bronchi filled with mucous or possibly focal areas of peribronchial pneumonia.	Cystic fibrosis, shortness of breath.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There has been interval CABG. Surgical clips are again seen in the epigastric region. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.	Surgical Instruments / abdomen	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Interval CABG.	Chest pain.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Lungs are hyperlucent and hyperexpanded. Negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.	Lung, Hyperlucent ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	Stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Shortness of breath
The heart size is upper limits of normal. Aorta is tortuous. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Aorta / tortuous / mild	1. Upper limits of normal in size heart and mild tortuosity of the aortic XXXX. No acute pulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old with the dyspnea.
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	normal	Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	INDICATION data is null
Stable appearance of the left upper lung lobe with scarring, volume loss, and pleural thickening. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits normal appearance, similar to prior. Volume loss in the left lung, stable. Right lung is clear. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild scarring at the right apex. No acute bony abnormality.	Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / left ; Thickening / pleura / left ; Volume Loss / lung / upper lobe / left ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / right / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Stable appearance of the left upper lobe.	XXXX
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Epigastric pain, vomiting, XXXX, chills for one XXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. A calcified granuloma is identified in the right middle lobe. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute displaced rib fractures.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female chest pain.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are hyperexpanded. Scattered granuloma. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Granuloma / scattered	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Left chest and back pain.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX for one month with chest tightness
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. There is severe kyphotic deformity of the chest involving prior fractures of thoracic vertebral bodies and the sternum. There are multiple XXXX fractures identified involving upper thoracic vertebral bodies and a single upper lumbar vertebral body. The patient is status post vertebroplasty at multiple levels. The pleural spaces appear clear. There is right-sided chest XXXX, the distal tip in the upper right atrium. Mediastinal contours appear normal.	Kyphosis / thorax / severe ; Fractures, Bone / thoracic vertebrae / multiple ; Fractures, Bone / sternum ; Fractures, Bone / lumbar vertebrae ; Catheters, Indwelling / right	1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease 2. Changes of acute kyphotic deformity and of the thorax as described above	Preprocedure evaluation prior to bone marrow transplant
Normal heart size. The lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The trachea is midline and XXXX.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	Pain with inspiration. XXXX.
Right paratracheal stripe is denser and XXXX than normal. The XXXX are normal. Heart size normal. Lungs clear and expanded with no infiltrates.	Mass / right / paratracheal	Right paratracheal mass, possibly lymphadenopathy. If there are no previous chest x-XXXX from elsewhere are XXXX scan with contrast XXXX be of further XXXX. Dr. XXXX XXXX I discussed these findings in the XXXX Department approximately XXXX hours XXXX, XXXX.	Chest pain.
There is prominence of the right heart XXXX, consistent with right atrial enlargement. A XXXX density is demonstrated on the frontal view with exaggerated posterior projection of the cardiac silhouette, suggesting left atrial enlargement. The cardiac silhouette is overall enlarged. The mediastinal contours are otherwise within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild pulmonary hyperexpansion. Mild left apical pleural thickening. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 19/33.	Heart Atria / bilateral / enlarged ; Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Thickening / pleura / apex / left / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / moderate ; Cardiomegaly	1. Right and left atrial enlargement with cardiomegaly. No acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. .	XXXX-year-old male presents for preoperative evaluation.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male, shortness of breath.
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild	There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain
No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious bony opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, stab wounds, XXXX.
Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. No focal airspace consolidation. There is mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.	Diaphragm / right / elevated / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. Mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. Otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen.	XXXX with low-grade XXXX and midback pain x2 weeks.
There is XXXX increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / upper lobe / right ; Opacity / lung / lingula	1. Increased opacity in the right upper lobe with XXXX associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis. Recommend chest CT for further evaluation. 2. XXXX opacity overlying the left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX.
There is persistent cardiomegaly with suggestion of left atrial enlargement as evidenced by cardiac contour the lateral image and XXXX density on the frontal image. The lungs are clear. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly	1. Persistent cardiomegaly. 2. Clear lungs.	XXXX
Finding data is null	Aorta / prominent ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / left	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Prominent ascending aorta. Calcified left hilar XXXX.	History of chest pain.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There has been improvement in the previously identified right midlung zone airspace disease. Minimal residual opacities remain which may represent small areas of scarring. No XXXX focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion is identified. Implantable defibrillator is noted. Calcified granuloma is present in the left base.	Airspace Disease / lung / middle lobe / right ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right / mild ; Implanted Medical Device ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / middle lobe / right / mild	1. Near complete clearing of right midlung airspace disease. Minimal residuals from opacities remaining most XXXX represent small areas of scarring. Otherwise, clear.	XXXX. Amiodarone.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. There is a right lower lobe pneumonia. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.	Pneumonia / lower lobe / right	Right lower lobe pneumonia. Consider followup radiograph to document resolution. .	Chills XXXX XXXX
There is stable cardiomegaly. Right pleural effusion is slightly increased in size. Pulmonary vasculature is persistently enlarged. Prominent interstitium is stable. No XXXX focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures intact.	Cardiomegaly ; Pleural Effusion / right / small ; Lung / blood vessels / enlarged ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Lung / interstitial / prominent ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial	Stable cardiomegaly and XXXX of interstitial edema with small but increasing right pleural effusion.	Shortness of breath
There is mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right with left basilar opacities. No pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left	Cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and left basilar atelectasis.	XXXX-year-old male with scrotal edema, dyspnea, lower leg edema
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with XXXX for 5 days. Previously seen for vomiting and ear pain.
The heart size size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Ill-defined opacity is again noted in the region of the lingula. This is increased since the previous study. The remainder of the lungs appear clear. Mild XXXX deformity is noted in the mid-thoracic spine. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.	Opacity / lung / lingula ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / mild	1. Ill-defined opacity in the lingula. Increased since the previous study. May represent increased atelectasis or scarring.	COPD.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with 2 years of XXXX and dyspnea..
The heart is mildly enlarged. The lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. There is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. Increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior CT. The study is limited secondary to moderate XXXX motion. Underlying emphysematous changes are identified.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Diaphragm / left / elevated / mild ; Opacity / lung / base / left / patchy ; Markings / prominent ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Emphysema	Hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. Followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. IMPRESSION: Exam: CHEST 2V FRONTAL/LATERAL Date: XXXX, XXXX XXXX PM Comparison: CT chest XXXX History: Shortness of breath FINDINGS: The heart is mildly enlarged. The lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. There is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. Increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior CT. The study is limited secondary to moderate XXXX motion. Underlying emphysematous changes are identified. IMPRESSION: Hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. Followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks.	Shortness of breath
The cardiac contours are normal. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Granulomatous Disease ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute process.	Achalasia
Finding data is null	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	Allowing for underpenetration, the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal limits.	C7 2.83
Finding data is null	Spinal Fusion / cervical vertebrae ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / posterior / healed ; Emphysema	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Lower cervical spine fusion and sternotomy. Old healed left mid posterior rib fractures. Emphysema. No nodules, masses or adenopathy.	History of XXXX loss
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The bony structures are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Moderate cardiomegaly. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting and fissural thickening, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. Dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Opacity / lung / multiple / abnormal ; Pulmonary Edema ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted / mild ; Thickening / pleura ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / bilateral / interstitial / multiple ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial / multiple ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / right ; Density / lung / lower lobe / right ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / right	1. Cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis atypical infection and inflammation	XXXX-year-old male, pain
The heart is XXXX within normal limits in size given the low lung volumes an AP portable technique. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old syncope, XXXX today.
1. Cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. 2. Right base opacity XXXX combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis/airspace disease. Cannot exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm. 3. Left lung relatively clear. 4. Limited exam due to underpenetrated technique related to large patient habitus. 5. No evidence of pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly ; Pericardial Effusion ; Opacity / lung / base / right ; Pleural Effusion / base / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	Impression data is null	Hypoxia.
Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, surgical clips and CABG markers. Stable XXXX densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged ; Surgical Instruments ; Density / lung / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / chronic ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / right	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Streaky perihilar opacities. Peribronchial cuffing also noted. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.	Opacity / lung / hilum / streaky ; Thickening / bronchi ; Airspace Disease / lung / mild	Findings most suggestive of infectious or reactive small airways disease. No focal pneumonia.	XXXX-year-old female. Chest pain.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not enlarged. There are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. The skeletal structures are normal.	Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes	No acute pulmonary disease.	Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Innumerable XXXX bilateral nodules are identified, most of which appear calcified on XXXX examination. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion. XXXX lingular scarring and/or atelectasis.	Nodule / lung / bilateral / multiple ; Calcinosis / lung / bilateral ; Cicatrix / lung / lingula ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula	No acute disease.	COPD, XXXX;
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	786.59,786.09, 34yof with chest pressure,sob with XXXX activity
The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. XXXX foreign body in the posterior soft tissues appear stable.	Foreign Bodies / posterior	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with shortness of breath.
Finding data is null	Cavitation / lung / bilateral / multiple ; Mass / lung / bilateral / multiple ; Nodule / lung / bilateral / multiple	Multiple cavitary bilateral pulmonary masses and nodules. These are XXXX and increased from prior radiograph of XXXX , but were seen XXXX chest XXXX, with largest in the left base measuring approximately 3.3 x 6.1 cm. No pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. Heart size is normal.	XXXX and XXXX. History of chemotherapy. XXXX with XXXX.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	sob
Heart size is XXXX within normal limits. There are surgical clips in the left mediastinum. There is no pneumothorax. There is a small left pleural effusion. Abnormal convexity within the mediastinum XXXX represents adenopathy which is better demonstrated on the prior XXXX.	Surgical Instruments / mediastinum / left ; Pleural Effusion / left / small ; Mediastinum / lymph nodes / enlarged	1. Small left pleural effusion. 2. Mediastinal adenopathy noted but better evaluated on the XXXX XXXX CT.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX for 2 weeks. History of Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Normal cardiac contours. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bilateral lower lobe bronchial thickening consistent with bronchitis.	Thickening / lung / lower lobe / bronchi / bilateral ; Bronchitis / lower lobe / bilateral	1. Bilateral lower lobe bronchitis.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
There is 1.9 cm interruption of the tunneled left central venous catheter, at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. Catheter tip may be within the proximal SVC or azygos vein. Normal heart size. XXXX left perihilar and midlung densities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Density / lung / hilum / left ; Density / lung / lingula ; Cicatrix / lung / lingula ; Catheters, Indwelling / left	1. Left central venous catheter fracture at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. Distal catheter tip may be within the azygos vein. 2. Similar-appearing left midlung scarring.	XXXX-year-old male. Right lateral/mid chest wall pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Pain.
Finding data is null	Cicatrix / lung / apex / right / round ; Nodule / lung / apex / right / round	The heart size is normal. There is minimal fibronodular scarring right apex, otherwise lungs clear	History of followup TB
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX vehicle accident. Mid chest pain from airbag.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size normal. Lungs are clear.	INDICATION data is null
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Calcinosis / lung / lower lobe / right ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / right	Comparison XXXX, XXXX Hyperexpansion and changes of COPD as before. Calcified right lower lung nodule compatible with histoplasmoma as before. Lungs are overall clear. Mediastinal contour stable. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous examination..	XXXX
Low lung volumes. Stable ectasia of the thoracic aorta. Stable right upper mediastinal Bilateral small pleural effusions and bibasilar airspace opacities. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax. Stable wedging of the anterior thoracic vertebral bodies.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / anterior ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / bilateral ; Opacity / mediastinum / right	Bilateral small pleural effusions and associated atelectasis. Stable right upper mediastinal opacity consistent with XXXX goiter.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain persistent vomiting.
No gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. No pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX XXXX is intact.	normal	1. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX XXXX. Female, 35 years
Heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lung XXXX. Lungs are clear bilaterally otherwise. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / bilateral / scattered	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	preop XXXX
Frontal and lateral views demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette to be within normal limits. There is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax.	normal	1. Stable normal chest x-XXXX.	Chest pain.
Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. Right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / right	Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX.	XXXX-year-old male, pain
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / aorta ; Aorta / tortuous	Apical lordotic frontal view. Heart size near top normal limits, aortic calcifications and ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is minimal XXXX opacity in the lung bases. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There are no acute bony findings.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Syncope, loss of consciousness on XXXX XXXX.
In the interval, a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. In addition, on the PA view, an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left XXXX of the heart. This opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. It may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. Mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. Heart size normal. Note XXXX of an unchanged hiatal hernia.	Mass / lung / upper lobe / right / posterior ; Opacity / heart / left ; Hernia, Hiatal	XXXX right upper lobe mass, suspicious for neoplasm. CT of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation.	XXXX bleed
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	chest pain
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	Chest pain.
The heart size is normal. There is prominent left epicardial fat. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Epicardial Fat / left / prominent	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
Chest. Lungs are clear and expanded. Heart size normal. A calcified pleural plaque in the right subpulmonic area has not XXXX since the abdomen CT. Left and right knees. XXXX, XXXX spaces, and soft tissues are normal.	Calcinosis / pleura / base / right	1. Chest. No active disease. 2. Left and right knees negative.	chronic XXXX and diminished breath sounds; bilateral knee pain.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Emphysema	Emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary process.	Difficulty breathing, history of emphysema
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. Lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / streaky / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / base / bilateral ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula / posterior	Mildly low lung volumes with XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the lung bases.	XXXX to inside of cheek, shortness of breath.
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	epigastric pain
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	MVC.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality identified.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old woman with XXXX.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild	Slight cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear no effusions or edema	chest pain
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX for one XXXX with vomiting
The lungs are hypoinflated with mild basilar bronchovascular crowding/atelectasis. There is a fracture of the left anterior 7th rib and XXXX the left anterior 6th rib, of uncertain acuity. Correlate with XXXX tenderness. There is mild XXXX atelectasis in the left lung base. There is corticated deformity of the right anterior 7th rib, XXXX remote fracture. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / lung / base / bronchovascular / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left ; Deformity / ribs / right	1. Suspected fractures of the left anterior 6th and 7th ribs, of uncertain acuity. Correlate with XXXX tenderness. 2. Low lung volumes with mild basilar atelectasis, left greater than right. .	Right-sided chest pain.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	chest pain.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Nodular densities projecting over the posterior 9th ribs bilaterally are consistent with nipple shadows. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Density / ribs / bilateral / posterior / round ; Nipple Shadow / ribs / bilateral / posterior	1. Hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality.	XXXX and congestion for 2 days.
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small	Minimal cardiomegaly. Prominent pulmonary XXXX. Probable very small pleural effusions and minimal questionable interstitial edema. No pneumonia	XXXX and sweats
Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace opacities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old male with history of XXXX loss
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma is present in the right base. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. In the lateral right base is identified an ill-defined somewhat oblong opacity. This was not present on the previous study. The remainder of the lungs appear clear.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / right ; Opacity / lung / base / right	1. Ill-defined oblong opacity in the lateral right base. This may represent pleural based process. The exact XXXX is unclear. Followup exam is suggested to confirm clearing or stability.	Difficulty breathing.
Two left-sided chest tubes again noted. Interval improved aeration of the left lung compared to prior. Interval improvement in left lung pleural fluid. Right lung clear. Endotracheal tube noted with tip approximately 4.5 cm above the carina. Left internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the high SVC. No evidence of pneumothorax.	Tube, Inserted / thorax / left ; Pleural Effusion / left ; Tube, Inserted / trachea, carina ; Catheters, Indwelling ; Airspace Disease / lung / left / patchy	Interval improvement in aeration of left lung with interval reduction in size of left pleural effusion. Persistent patchy left lung airspace disease is noted. Stable left-sided chest tubes. .	XXXX-year-old female, cirrhosis.
Finding data is null	Implanted Medical Device / pulmonary artery	Presumed closure device at the level of the ligamentum arteriosum. Normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs, with no evidence of left-to-right shunt.	PDA
There is minimal hyperexpansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. XXXX opacity in the left XXXX XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly stable and within normal limits, with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. Multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine noted without acute bony abnormality.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Lung, Hyperlucent ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Opacity / lung / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / left ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple ; Lumbar Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple	Changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with progressive XXXX loss. History of smoking..
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with pain in right side of chest that increases with XXXX and deep breathing
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chronic appearing left lateral rib deformities.	Deformity / ribs / left / chronic ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / healed	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Interval development of healing left sided rib fractures.	XXXX-year-old female, postpartum, 1 XXXX per XXXX XXXX, sputum production
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is an 8mm nodule identified within the left lateral midlung partially overlying the posterior left 7th rib. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Nodule / lung / lingula ; Spine / degenerative / mild	Left midlung pulmonary nodule. Comparison to a previous XXXX would be most helpful alternatively a noncontrast chest CT could be performed in the nonemergent setting for further characterization. No acute disease.	XXXX-year-old with left arm tingling and heaviness. Possible blood clot in the left leg. And tingling and chest. Asthma. History of XXXX calf.
Frontal and lateral views. The cardiac silhouette is on the upper limits normal for size. Interstitial opacities are persistent at both lung bases. Calcified granulomas are also identified. XXXX compared to the previous CT scan, there has been no significant interval change. No developing airspace opacity, or pneumothorax.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / multiple ; Markings / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial	Stable groundglass and interstitial markings at the lung bases. Overall this is not XXXX to represent a significant change from XXXX.	XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear.	chest pain
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable XXXX.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process. .	XXXX.
Stable cardiomegaly. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are noted. There is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature. No consolidating airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Pulmonary Congestion	Cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.	Shortness of breath.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Dyspnea
Finding data is null	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Markings / lung / interstitial / scattered / irregular / chronic ; Aorta / tortuous ; Diaphragmatic Eventration / right	Mild hyperinflation. Scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size near top normal limits, aortic ectasia/tortuosity similar to prior. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX, XXXX of breath
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Markings / bronchovascular	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain
Lungs are clear. Heart and mediastinum appear normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	Negative chest	XXXX and XXXX
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.	normal	Normal chest	polyarticular arthritis
The aortic XXXX is mildly tortuous. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are T-spine osteophytes. Large body habitus.	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Morbid obesity, hypertension
Mediastinal contours are normal. No significant change in pneumothorax or right pleural fluid..	Pneumothorax / right ; Pleural Effusion / right	No significant change in right pneumothorax or pleural fluid.	Evaluate pneumothorax
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / posterior / streaky / mild	1. There is minimal streaky opacity in the posterior lungs, possibly cyst, scarring, or pneumonia. 2. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX appear normal 3. Mediastinal contours are normal	XXXX
Lungs are clear bilaterally.There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
Cardiomegaly. Interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.	Cardiomegaly ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial ; Pulmonary Edema / lower lobe / bilateral / interstitial	Interstitial pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old with dyspnea.
The left lung is grossly clear. The right lung demonstrates a large right pleural effusion with associated atelectatic collapse of the right middle lobe and partial collapse of the right lower lobe. XXXX opacities are seen within the aerated right lung, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. No acute osseous abnormality. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is stable compared to prior examinations.	Pleural Effusion / right / large ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / right ; Opacity / lung / right	Large right pleural effusion with associated passive atelectasis of the right middle and lower lobes. Grossly clear left lung.	XXXX-year-old woman with lung cancer, shortness of breath..
Scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, XXXX represents calcified granulomas. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Stable calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph XXXX, XXXX decreased in size from prior exam. Heart size is normal. XXXX are unremarkable.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / scattered / multiple ; Nodule / lung / scattered / multiple ; Calcinosis / lung / scattered / multiple ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Malignant neoplasm, evaluate for metastases/recurrence
There is stable cardiomegaly. Aorta is calcified and tortuous. There are multiple pleural calcifications XXXX representing prior asbestos exposure. These appear unchanged. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or XXXX focal airspace consolidation.	Cardiomegaly ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / pleura / multiple	1. Cardiomegaly and findings of prior asbestos exposure without interval acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with history of XXXX.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Surgical XXXX is noted in the right upper quadrant. Subcutaneous emphysema seen along the neck bilaterally, right lateral upper abdomen, and left chest.	Subcutaneous Emphysema / neck / bilateral ; Subcutaneous Emphysema / thorax / left ; Subcutaneous Emphysema / abdomen / right ; Surgical Instruments / right	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Subcutaneous emphysema of the neck, left lateral chest, and right lateral abdominal soft tissues noted. .	XXXX-year-old male, status post pyeloplasty.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart upper limits normal. Lungs clear	chest pain
There are T-spine osteophytes. Small nodule projecting near the left heart XXXX is unchanged from XXXX and appears calcified. This XXXX represents a calcified granuloma. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple ; Nodule / heart / left / small ; Calcified Granuloma / heart / left / small	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX and congestion for months.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There is a vague 1.6 cm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe between the anterior second and third ribs, which could represent focal infiltrate or lung nodule. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / round	Vague nodular opacity in the right lobe, which could represent focal infiltrate or nodule. Recommend followup to resolution.	Shortness of breath and wheezing.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is upper limits normal and lungs are clear. No pneumonia, edema, or effusions.	hypertension cigarette smoking history of XXXX disease.
XXXX sternotomy XXXX unchanged in position from prior exam, with some disrupted. Cardiac XXXX generator overlies left chest with leads in unchanged position since prior exam. Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Mild cardiomegaly. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.	Medical Device / left ; Cardiomegaly / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly unchanged from prior exam.	XXXX-year-old male with congenital heart disease and congestive heart failure
Finding data is null	Aorta / enlarged / tortuous / mild	Heart size is normal. Stable dilated slightly tortuous aorta. Lungs are clear. No edema or effusions. No nodules, masses, or adenopathy.	History of XXXX loss
The lungs are hyperexpanded. There are XXXX opacities in the lingula, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are degenerative changes of the spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Opacity / lung / lingula ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula ; Cicatrix / lung / lingula ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Spine / degenerative ; Calcinosis / blood vessels	1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema. 3. Lingular subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.	XXXX, lung transplant evaluation.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.	normal	Negative chest radiographs.	786.59. c/o focal chest pain around heart that lasts for few XXXX. occurs approx. once a month.
Evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient's arm on the lateral view. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. XXXX are chronic, coarse interstitial lung markings. Peripheral opacity along the right mid lung XXXX reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. Otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Hyperlucent lungs with apical XXXX. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX to be grossly intact.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Markings / lung / interstitial / chronic ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / right ; Cicatrix / lung / middle lobe / right ; Pleural Effusion / middle lobe / right / small ; Thickening / pleura / middle lobe / right / small ; Lung, Hyperlucent ; Emphysema	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Emphysema.	Chest pain
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	chest pain
Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear without focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are intact.	normal	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with pain.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Syncope.
Normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. Normal pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Scattered calcified granuloma. Degenerative changes the spine.	Calcified Granuloma / scattered ; Spine / degenerative	No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease.	chest pain
There are minimal XXXX left basilar opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Cardiac defibrillator XXXX overlies the right ventricle. The XXXX appears intact. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. Multiple calcified splenic granulomas are also noted. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Opacity / lung / base / left / mild ; Implanted Medical Device ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes ; Spine / degenerative / mild ; Granulomatous Disease	Minimal left basilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. No acute findings.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX for 3 weeks. Possible pneumonia.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Dyspnea
There are low lung volumes. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous	Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain for
The heart size is enlarged. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Calcification is seen within the aortic XXXX. XXXX interstitial opacities. There are no nodules or masses. Stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. No visible pneumothorax. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting, left worse than right. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Cardiomegaly ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / bilateral ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / right ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral	1. Cardiomegaly with bilateral interstitial opacities. 2. Bilateral effusions and/or atelectasis, right worse than left.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild emphysematous changes without focal consolidation. There is no pleural effusion. XXXX lingular scarring or atelectasis noted.	Emphysema / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / lingula ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula	Emphysema without acute disease.	PAIN; chest pain x1 XXXX, previous XXXX
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute preoperative findings	Preop anesthesia XXXX
There is moderate cardiomegaly. No interstitial edema or pleural effusion. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax. There is mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. Cardiomegaly without radiographic evidence of heart failure. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, CHF
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain, MVA
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	Slight cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. No rib abnormalities are seen. The lower ribs are not adequately imaged to rule out pathology on the chest film	left false rib XXXX.
Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal contour is normal without mediastinal widening. Lungs are clear bilaterally. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	post thoracic pain
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.	normal	No acute abnormality.	Abdominal pain
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old with chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. Calcified lymph XXXX are identified in the left infrahilar region. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left	1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Limited lateral view, given overlapping silhouettes. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male. Pain after XXXX. Confusion.
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.	normal	There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. No radiographic evidence for active tuberculosis a .	Positive PPD
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	PREOP; Pancreatic surgery sched. No complaints.
There is mild blunting of the costophrenic XXXX. There is right basilar airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary XXXX are slightly prominent. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. No acute bony abnormalities.	Costophrenic Angle / blunted / mild ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes ; Infiltrate / lung / base / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral	Right basilar infiltrate or atelectasis, and XXXX bilateral pleural effusions.	Shortness of breath
Finding data is null	Spinal Fusion / thoracic vertebrae	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Old fusion of approximately T9-T10.	dyspnea.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small nodule in the right upper lung is stable. The lungs are otherwise clear.	Nodule / lung / upper lobe / right / small	Small right upper lobe nodule, stable. Otherwise, no acute disease.	Testicular cancer, Shielded.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	normal	1. No evidence of active disease.	XXXX.
The heart is normal in size. The aorta is tortuous. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion seen. Old right-sided rib fracture is noted.	Aorta / tortuous ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / right / healed	1. Low lung volumes without acute infiltrate. 2. Aortic tortuosity and mild ectasia.	preop patient not XXXX of XXXX date stated pain radiates XXXX both XXXX left side worse XXXX on XXXX of both feet
The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	No Indexing	No active disease.	XXXX rll pneumonia
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable postoperative and degenerative changes of the XXXX. Stable degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	54 old male with chest pain
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	XXXX/wheeze
Heart size is within normal limits. Trachea is midline. The lung volumes are slightly on the low side. Lungs are otherwise clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No focal consolidations. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.	Lung / hypoinflation / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX, edema in XXXX
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.	XXXX and asthma
The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. There is minimal left basilar atelectasis. There are small bilateral pulmonary nodules measure approximately 5 mm in size in the right midlung and left upper lung XXXX. These are not well appreciated on the lateral projection.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / mild ; Nodule / lung / middle lobe / right / multiple / small ; Nodule / lung / upper lobe / left / multiple / small	1. No focal pulmonary consolidation or effusion. Minimal left basilar atelectasis. 2. Bilateral pulmonary nodules. These were not present on the prior study and may represent sequela of infection, but could represent neoplastic process. Correlation with history of primary malignancy is recommended. Further evaluation XXXX of the thorax could be performed, if clinically indicated.	Chest pain
This study is limited by the patient body habitus. Lungs appear to be clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	Limited study but no evidence for acute pulmonary disease.	Hypoxemia
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are hyperexpanded. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Lung / hyperdistention	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with a XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size, mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Lungs are well expanded with no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.	XXXX, congestion, pain
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild	No evidence of active disease.	Syncope
The heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Calcifications are seen within the aortic XXXX. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. Stable calcified granuloma within the lingula. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. Surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.	Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lingula ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX onset dyspnea.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male with chronic kidney disease; preoperative evaluation.
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Emphysematous changes. Nodular densities projecting over right anterior fifth and six ribs. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Emphysema ; Density / ribs / right / anterior / round / multiple	Nodular densities projecting over right 5th and 6th ribs may healing rib fracture; XXXX recommended to rule-out underlying pulmonary nodule. XXXX level Veriphy message was sent XXXX. XXXX regarding possible lung nodules at XXXX hours XXXX/XXXX.	Preoperative evaluation. Patient on home oxygen.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Spine / degenerative	1. No evidence of active disease.	COPD.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Biapical fibronodular pleural thickening/scarring. There is a XXXX like deformity of the anterior cortex of the XXXX body (lateral view). Negative for retrosternal density. Prior cholecystectomy. Critical result notification documented through Primordial.	Thickening / pleura / apex / bilateral / round ; Cicatrix / pleura / apex / bilateral / round ; Nodule / pleura / apex / bilateral / round ; Deformity / spine	Buckling deformity of the anterior cortex of the XXXX body. Fracture is possible, if high energy XXXX was localized to this region. Correlate with focal tenderness. XXXX chest, if warranted.	XXXX-year-old female. Chest pain after XXXX.
Soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. Heart size is upper limit of normal. Lung XXXX are clear. No effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified lymph XXXX stable from prior exam.	Calcinosis / lymph nodes	No active disease.	XXXX XXXX female with XXXX, RUQ pain.
Finding data is null	Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Lung / hilum / prominent	The cardiac contours are normal. Prominent hilar contours. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.	Tachycardia, diabetes, hypoxia.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Bilateral scapula appear unremarkable.	XXXX-year-old female, scapular pain.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female presenting with DKA
Normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary XXXX. Lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	normal	No active or acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Syncope.
The heart size is normal with stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are stable calcified right peritracheal lymph XXXX. The osseous structures are intact.	Calcinosis / lymph nodes / right / paratracheal	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old female with right-sided chest tenderness.
There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. There are mild thoracic spine degenerative changes.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old bone marrow transplant XXXX workup.
Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.	Granulomatous Disease ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	Clear lungs without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.	Prostatectomy. Preop evaluation.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is a small calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / left / small	No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / left ; Nodule / lung / left ; Markings / bronchovascular	No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen, left hilar calcifications and dense nodule in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. Considering differences in technical factors XXXX stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old male, dyspnea, XXXX
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. Mild bibasilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Stable degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine. Stable thoracolumbar retrolisthesis. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Dislocations / thoracic vertebrae ; Dislocations / lumbar vertebrae	No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX year-old female with XXXX.
There are low lung volumes. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	Lung / hypoinflation	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	719.41, XXXX XXXX male with left shoulder pain
Finding data is null	Opacity / lung / right / round ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / right / small	Well-expanded and clear lungs. Conspicuous for size 3-4 mm nodular opacity projecting in right lung is probably a small calcified granuloma. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	786.2 XXXX, XXXX
Mild cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. Calcified hilar XXXX. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Soft tissues and showed unremarkable.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum	No evidence of active tuberculosis.	Evaluate for tuberculosis
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Right PICC line is in XXXX. The tip has moved into the left innominate vein. There has been interval development of several ill-defined focal opacities in the left and right mid lung zones. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Opacity / lung / middle lobe / bilateral / focal / multiple	1. Malpositioned right PICC line tip. Now located in left innominate vein. 2. XXXX ill-defined focal opacities. These may represent small areas of pneumonia.	Pleuritic chest pain
Lung volumes are low. Bibasilar consolidation and bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting are present. Heart size normal. Pulmonary XXXX normal. Shunt tubing traverses the entire image from top to XXXX.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Consolidation / lung / base / bilateral ; Costophrenic Angle / bilateral / blunted ; Surgical Instruments ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral	Bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid.	sob
Finding data is null	normal	No comparison chest x-XXXX. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	dexa scan osteoporosis
There is increasing primarily basilar interstitial reticular opacity. Lung volumes are low. There are no focal airspace opacities to suggest lobar pneumonia. Heart size appears normal. The thoracic aorta is calcified. Since the prior study, there has been placement of an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall, the distal leads overlying the right heart. There's no pneumothorax.	Opacity / lung / base / interstitial / reticular ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Calcinosis / aorta, thoracic ; Implanted Medical Device / left ; Lung Diseases, Interstitial	1. Findings consistent with worsening interstitial lung disease. High resolution XXXX is recommended to confirm this. Prior XXXX from XXXX reveals no evidence of interstitial lung disease.	Chest pain, shortness of breath, on home oxygen, history of sarcoidosis and smoking
Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact.	normal	No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .	XXXX-year-old male with shortness of breath and chest pain.
Right dual-lumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction. Heart size at the upper limits of normal. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Patchy bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left. No visualized pneumothorax. Prominence of the mediastinum consistent with history of sarcoid.	Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / patchy ; Mediastinum / prominent ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / bilateral	1. Bilateral lower lung airspace disease right greater than left, most XXXX representing acute infectious process. 2. Widening of the mediastinum, XXXX secondary to lymphadenopathy related to sarcoid, or possibly reactive adenopathy.	XXXX-year-old male, shortness of breath. Reported history of sarcoid.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. Coarsened interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema. There is minimal XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Emphysema ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / mild	Chronic changes of emphysema. No acute findings. .	XXXX, shortness of breath.
Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Nodular opacity overlying the upper lungs bilaterally may represent overlying telemetry XXXX XXXX, correlate clinically. Otherwise, lungs are clear. No large pleural effusion no pneumothorax.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / bilateral / round	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small nodule seen in the left upper lung, possibly granuloma. The lungs are otherwise clear.	Nodule / lung / upper lobe / left / small	No acute disease. Left lung nodule. Correlate with prior films if available. If none are available, followup imaging in 6 months is suggested.	XXXX; MVA
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No abnormal airspace opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female, followup XXXX
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are grossly clear. XXXX XXXX opacities in the lung bases. There are XXXX fragments overlying the posterior left chest, right neck base and XXXX fragments in the left costophrenic XXXX. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / multiple ; Foreign Bodies / thorax / left / posterior ; Foreign Bodies / neck / right ; Foreign Bodies / costophrenic angle / left	XXXX bullet fragments, as described above. No evidence of acute parenchymal abnormality.	Shielded, PDP.
Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, focal airspace consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male, tobacco use. Scheduled for melanoma surgery.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. There is again a pleural based density in the right lung base, XXXX related to subpleural fat. The appearance is stable from multiple previous studies. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Density / lung / base / right ; Adipose Tissue / lung / base / right	No acute disease.	CHEST PAIN CXR SFWP
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is tortuosity of the aorta, compatible with atherosclerosis. Low lung volumes. Minimal XXXX opacities within the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	Aorta / tortuous ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / mild	1. Low lung volume study with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases. No acute pulmonary process.	Short of breath with acute mental status changes..
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Tracheostomy tip approximately 5 cm above the carina. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Tube, Inserted / trachea, carina	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old male, history of head and neck cancer
The heart size is within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right	1. No acute abnormality. 2. Dextroscoliosis of thoracic spine unchanged. .	XXXX-year-old XXXX with history of pneumonia, persistent dyspnea, HIV-positive.
Heart size is normal. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures grossly intact.	Lung / hypoinflation	Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with right pleuritic pain for 7 days.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours with aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Left hilar and left lower lobe calcifications XXXX indicate a previous granulomatous process. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / lung / lower lobe / left ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / left ; Granulomatous Disease	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old female, preop evaluation
There has been interval performance of CABG with multiple XXXX sternotomy XXXX, surgical clips, and CABG markers. All of the XXXX sternotomy XXXX are broken, and a fragment at a sternotomy XXXX appears to XXXX within the left posterior pleural space. Stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. Relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm noted. No acute bony abnormality.	Surgical Instruments / thorax ; Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Diaphragm / left / elevated	Cardiomegaly with surgical changes of CABG, with numerous broken XXXX sternotomy XXXX and a sternotomy XXXX fragment noted XXXX in the posterior left pleural space.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with dyspnea on exertion, XXXX. XXXX..
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Ventral hernia
Heart size is upper limits of normal for AP projection. Mediastinal contours and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. The patient's chin obscures the bilateral lung apices. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fractures are seen. There are moderate degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / moderate ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	1. Moderate thoracic spondylosis. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Back pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is minimal XXXX atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Pain behind right shoulder XXXX starting today. MRI of right shoulder in XXXX. Nausea.
There is stable, mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. Stable mediastinal silhouette. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Scattered XXXX opacities in the right lung base XXXX representing foci of subsegmental atelectasis with scattered airspace opacities in the medial left lower lobe. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine possibly consistent with DISH.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / mild ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Opacity / lung / base / right / scattered / multiple ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right / focal ; Opacity / lung / lower lobe / left / scattered / multiple ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Opacity / lung / retrocardiac / scattered / multiple	1. Low lung volumes with mild cardiomegaly and scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis and scattered retrocardiac airspace opacities.	XXXX-year-old female with presyncope.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	Pain with XXXX in the chest for one XXXX
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There has been a XXXX XXXX sternotomy. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Arthritis	No acute pulmonary disease.	Leukocytosis
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female, preop, XXXX..
Stable borderline enlarged cardiac contour. Calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. Prominent right paratracheal stripe. Emphysema. No active pulmonary disease. Mild spondylosis.	Cardiac Shadow / enlarged / borderline ; Calcinosis / mediastinum / lymph nodes ; Markings / right / paratracheal / prominent ; Emphysema ; Spondylosis / mild	Stable appearance of the chest, see above.	COPD, asthma, cancer
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There are 3 cardiac pacing leads in stable position. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is minimal XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the right lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear.	Medical Device ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / base / right / mild	Cardiac pacing leads in stable position, without evidence of acute complication.	XXXX Lab, pacemaker implantation.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, chest pain
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, pain
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right	heart size normal. Lungs clear. Calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma.	dyspnea
Status post posterior spinal fusion. Status post XXXX sternotomy. Stable position of the cardiac XXXX and leads. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. The lungs are clear.	Spinal Fusion / posterior ; Implanted Medical Device	1. Stable position of the cardiac XXXX and leads. 2. Normal cardiac size with clear lungs.	XXXX's syndrome, post surgery for XXXX XXXX, cardiac XXXX.
Heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. XXXX XXXX opacity in the left lung base. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left	1. Cardiomegaly 2. XXXX XXXX opacity in the left base XXXX atelectasis	XXXX-year-old female, dyspnea
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Postoperative changes seen in the left humerus. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process. .	Left lower chest pain moving into shoulder.
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	,466.0 acute bronchitis cxr
There is a XXXX opacity projecting over the left midlung, posterior on the lateral view. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size top normal. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.	Opacity / lung / lingula / posterior ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative	XXXX opacity projecting over the left midlung. Comparison examinations would be useful. If no comparison examinations exist, XXXX would be helpful for further evaluation. .	XXXX-year-old male, acute iritis, no chest complaints.
Heart size normal. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures are in XXXX alignment without fracture.	normal	Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with cardiomyopathy.
Finding data is null	Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Emphysema	Improved basilar aeration. Persistent small bilateral pleural effusions, XXXX on the right, small on the left with some associated left basilar atelectasis. Lungs otherwise clear. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. Changes of emphysema. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.	cirrhosis.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Syncope.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old with a left-sided rib pain.
Finding data is null	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / degenerative / mild	Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Minimal degenerative spurring of midthoracic spine. No effusion, pneumonia, nodules or masses.	INDICATION data is null
There is minimal scarring within the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.	Cicatrix / lung / base / left / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	SEASONAL ASTHMA, RECENT PNEUMONIA;
2 images. Heart size is enlarged, stable. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. There is XXXX dense consolidation within the retrocardiac left lower lobe. There is also patchy airspace opacity within the perihilar right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly ; Atherosclerosis / aorta, thoracic ; Consolidation / lung / lower lobe / left / retrocardiac ; Density / lung / lower lobe / left / retrocardiac ; Opacity / lung / hilum / right / patchy ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / left ; Airspace Disease / lung / hilum / right	Left lower lobe and right perihilar airspace disease. In the appropriate clinical setting, this is compatible with infection/pneumonia and followup radiography is recommended following treatment to document resolution. If clinical findings are discordant, a XXXX is recommended.	Shortness of breath. XXXX for 2 weeks.
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.	normal	No acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old presents with chest pain
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Specifically, no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis.	XXXX-year-old female with positive PPD.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. There is a mild anterior wedge XXXX deformity of L1, age-indeterminate.	Deformity / lumbar vertebrae / anterior / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Age indeterminant grade 1 anterior wedge XXXX deformity of L1.	XXXX
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary process. .	Pain.
In the interval, bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and pulmonary venous engorgement have resolved. Heart size is now normal. No XXXX infiltrates.	normal	Chest. Resolving pulmonary interstitial edema and pulmonary venous hypertension.	XXXX XXXX edema and lung XXXX
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	Chest pain
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone. Thoracic spondylosis.	Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute findings.	COPD and shortness of breath
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Peripheral vascular disease, preoperative evaluation.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. The pleural spaces are clear.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX chest radiograph prior to initiation of medication
Normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Elevated left hemidiaphragm with scarring at the left costophrenic XXXX. There is a bullet fragment overlying the left T7 vertebra. Retained XXXX bullet fragments noted within the left upper and lower lobes. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Cicatrix / costophrenic angle / left ; Foreign Bodies / thoracic vertebrae ; Foreign Bodies / lung / lower lobe / left ; Foreign Bodies / lung / upper lobe / left ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	1. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Posttraumatic changes compatible with prior gunshot wound.	dyspnea
The heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. The XXXX are grossly intact. Degenerative T-spine osteophytes.	Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / degenerative / multiple	No acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX year old with prostate cancer, no chest complaints.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.	normal	No evidence of thoracic injury.	Chest pain after XXXX
Chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact. Stable splenic artery embolism coils.	Pulmonary Emphysema / bilateral / chronic ; Surgical Instruments	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with leukocytosis and DKA
Heart size is within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lungs are clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.	normal	No cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Preop for knee surgery.
Lung volumes are low. No infiltrates. Heart and mediastinum are normal.	Lung / hypoinflation	Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.	cp
A XXXX XXXX lung volumes. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Cardiomegaly ; Spine / degenerative ; Lung / hypoinflation	Cardiomegaly with low lung volumes which are grossly clear.	pt with sob,
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.	normal	Normal chest film.	XXXX
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There low lung volumes. There is pulmonary vascular congestion and indistinctness. Bibasilar airspace disease is also present. Probable XXXX left pleural effusion. No evidence of pneumothorax. Cardiac silhouette is upper lungs are normally accentuated due to low lung volumes.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral ; Pleural Effusion / left ; Heart Failure / mild	Mild heart failure versus volume overload.	Chest pain and shortness of breath.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. No pleural effusion is seen. No pneumothorax is identified. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. Right XXXX-a-XXXX has been inserted since the previous study. The tip projects over the lower superior XXXX XXXX.	Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Spine / degenerative ; Catheters, Indwelling / right	1. No evidence of active disease.	Cancer of the appendix.
Heart size appears within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. Radiodensity overlying the middle cardiac silhouette, XXXX representing a hiatal hernia. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	Hernia, Hiatal ; Density / thorax	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	XXXX
Stable mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are unchanged. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Cardiomegaly / mild	Stable mild cardiomegaly. Clear lungs.	Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are hypoinflated with scarring in the left lung base. There is no focal consolidation or significant effusion.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left / chronic / mild	Mild chronic changes in the left lung base without acute disease.	pre-liver transplant
Overall low lung lines. There is scarring or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. In the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinum are stable given the lung volumes. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Cicatrix / lung / base / right / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Pneumonia / lower lobe / left ; Airspace Disease / lung / lower lobe / left ; Spine / degenerative	1. Left lower lobe pneumonia and minimal scarring or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base.	SOB
Chest  Comparison: There is a 2.6 cm diameter masslike density over the lingula partial obscuration left cardiac XXXX. There may be some ill-defined opacity in the right mid and lower lung zone. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart is borderline enlarged. The aorta is dilated and tortuous. Arthritic changes of the spine are present.  Pelvis and left hip There is an impacted and rotated fracture through the neck of the femur on the left. No pelvic fracture is seen. Arthritic changes are present in the lower lumbar spine. Large amount of stool and XXXX obscures portions of the pelvis.  Femur The femoral images do not XXXX the area of the hip fracture. The remaining portions of the femur appear to be intact with no fracture or destructive process. Extensive atherosclerotic vascular disease throughout the superficial femoral artery is present.  Left knee There is osteoporosis and mild arthritic changes. No fracture is seen. No dislocation is identified. Severe atherosclerotic changes of the superficial femoral and popliteal artery are seen.	Density / lung / lingula ; Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Aorta / tortuous ; Arthritis / spine ; Nodule / lung / lower lobe / left	Chest. 1. Left lower lobe nodule which is worrisome. If there are no prior films available for comparison XXXX scan for further evaluation. Pelvis and left hip. Rotated subcapital fracture left hip. Femur. 1. No fracture the remaining portions of the femur. Left knee. 1. Normal for age.  Dr. XXXX- XXXX was called and informed of these critical results at XXXX.	XXXX on XXXX, increasing pain.
Finding data is null	Lung / hypoinflation / severe ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / bilateral / patchy	Very low lung volumes with bibasilar hypoventilation and patchy atelectasis. No overt airspace consolidation or pleural effusions. Visualized mediastinal contour grossly within normal limits.	CHF, XXXX;
No focal areas of consolidation. No pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old male, chronic XXXX.
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Shortness of breath
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Postsurgical changes include left chest pacemaker/ICD with XXXX tips over the right atrium and right ventricle, sternotomy XXXX, and graft markers, and upper anterior mediastinal surgical clips. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Specifically, no evidence of pneumonia. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Surgical Instruments / mediastinum	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Postsurgical changes as described above. .	XXXX-year-old XXXX with ongoing shortness of breath and history of pneumonia. Additional history of myocardial infarction, pacemaker/defibrillator placement, coronary stents, and valve replacement. Smoking history of 50 years.
Chest. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs. The right lung base is excluded from view. No visualized consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size is unremarkable. Abdomen. There are multiple air filled nondilated loops of small and large bowel. There is extensive stool XXXX seen throughout the descending colon. Supine examinations are limited for evaluation of pneumoperitoneum. There is bilateral hip degenerative change.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Lung / base / right / obscured	Chest 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Abdomen 1. Nonspecific bowel XXXX pattern without evidence of obstruction.	XXXX-year-old with abdominal pain.
Normal heart size. Prominent contour of the ascending aorta, consistent with ectasia. Normal mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Aorta / tortuous / prominent ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female, abdominal pain
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild degenerative changes are present within the spine.	Spine / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain
Lungs are clear bilaterally.There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Stable aortic tortuosity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable. Scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stent visualized in the right upper quadrant, XXXX biliary stent.	Aorta / tortuous ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Stents / abdomen / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Dyspnea
There is a cardiac pacemaker. Leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. The leads appear intact. There are XXXX left lower lobe opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There are mild right apical opacities, XXXX scarring. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are mild diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.	Implanted Medical Device ; Opacity / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Opacity / lung / apex / right / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / right / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Spine / degenerative / diffuse / mild	1. No acute findings. 2. XXXX left basilar opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. 3. Right apical opacities; the appearance XXXX scarring.	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX XXXX placement
The lungs are clear. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.	Lung / hyperdistention	No acute cardiopulmonary disease	786.05-
Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Preop hernia repair, asthma.
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. A wedge-shaped opacity has developed in the right upper lobe. There is also XXXX patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe. No acute bony abnormality.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left / patchy ; Consolidation / lung / upper lobe / bilateral ; Pneumonia	Interval development of bilateral upper lobe consolidation, right greater than left, XXXX representing pneumonia.. Followup imaging to document resolution is recommended.	XXXX-year-old male with XXXX.
No focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No free subdiaphragmatic air.	normal	No acute pulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old male with wheezing.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.	normal	Clear lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.	Testicular cancer are all
Normal cardiac contour. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Clear lungs bilaterally.	normal	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
Right mid lung nodule stable XXXX; etiology not determined. This is noncalcified, and is stable since a CT examination from XXXX and is XXXX benign etiology. The lungs are well inflated and without focal consolidation. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. Costophrenic XXXX clear. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment. Overlying leads.	Nodule / lung / middle lobe / right ; Medical Device	Stable radiographic view of chest.	Chest pain ComparisXXXX/11
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX x1 XXXX
There is stable XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. The heart size is near the upper limits of normal. Mediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX T-spine osteophytes are noted.	Cicatrix / lung / lingula ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / multiple	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain.
Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.	normal	No acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old pregnant woman with chest pain, palpitations, shortness of breath.
The patient is status post CABG. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. Ureteral stents are noted on the right.	Spine / degenerative ; Stents / abdomen / right	1. No evidence of active disease.	Muscle weakness.
There is increased size of left pneumothorax, with XXXX partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. This pneumothorax measures up to 3.5 cm in maximum width at the apex. There is no significant mediastinal shift. The right lung remains clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is a small left pleural effusion/hemothorax. No focal air space opacities. No free subdiaphragmatic air.	Pneumothorax / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lower lobe / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / upper lobe / left ; Pleural Effusion / left / small ; Hemothorax / left / small	1. Increased size of left pneumothorax, with XXXX partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. 2. Small left pleural effusion/hemothorax.	Reevaluate pneumothorax. Stab wound.
The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart and mediastinum are normal. Arthritic changes of the spine are present.	normal	No active disease.	Pain.
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Old healed left 5th and 6th rib fractures are seen laterally.	Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / multiple / healed	No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.	Onset of difficulty breathing starting last XXXX. History of reactive airway disease.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. A calcified granuloma is seen in the left lower lobe. Bony thorax is unremarkable.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with dyspnea.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is XXXX patchy opacity in the left upper lobe. Possibility of tuberculosis should be excluded. No pleural effusion is seen. There is no pneumothorax the lungs are hyperinflated.	Opacity / lung / upper lobe / left / patchy ; Lung / hyperdistention ; Infiltrate / lung / upper lobe / left	XXXX left upper lobe infiltrate.	XXXX X 2 WEEKS.
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within limits. Postoperative changes from spinal rods are demonstrated. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Multiple colonic loops are demonstrated in the left upper quadrant. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid, concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation.	normal	1. No active cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid, concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation. This is XXXX related to the muscular dystrophy and decreased shoulder muscles support. 3. XXXX postoperative changes from the spinal XXXX placement.	Duchenne's muscular dystrophy
Cardiomediastinal size and contour is grossly normal for AP technique. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced fractures are demonstrated.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right ; Lung / hypoinflation / mild	No acute findings. .	XXXX.
Right lower lobe infiltrate. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. There has been interval placement of a left chest XXXX, with its distal tip in the Left sided SVC	Infiltrate / lung / lower lobe / right ; Implanted Medical Device / left	1. Right lower lobe infiltrate, suggestive of pneumonia	The patient is a XXXX-year-old male, with lung transplant.
Heart size appears enlarged. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / patchy	1. Low volume study without definite acute process. 2. Mild cardiomegaly.	Hemoptysis
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta. There are chronic changes particularly noted in the lung apices. The XXXX are mildly prominent but stable. No acute infiltrate is seen. There is no pleural effusion.	Aorta / tortuous ; Sarcoidosis ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / bilateral	Chronic parenchymal changes XXXX reflecting sequela of patient's known sarcoidosis. No acute disease.	Shortness of breath, XXXX, sarcoidosis
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX scarring is noted in the lingula. The lungs are clear.	Cicatrix / lung / lingula	No acute disease.	XXXX x 2 XXXX; skin cancer
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old XXXX who is expansion shortness of breath, XXXX, chest pain and XXXX.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Morgagni hernia, stable. Lungs are expanded and clear of air space disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals diffuse demineralization with stable anterior wedging at the lower thoracic levels.	Hernia, Diaphragmatic ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic / thoracic vertebrae ; Deformity / thoracic vertebrae / anterior	1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Shortness of breath
There is an S-shaped scoliosis of the thoracic spine. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Chest pain
The cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. There is stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Lungs are clear. No pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. Cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.	Diaphragm / left / elevated	No acute abnormalities are seen. .	XXXX-year-old male with history of XXXX cell, back pain
The lungs remain hyperexpanded. No XXXX infiltrates or masses. Heart and mediastinum are normal.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive	XXXX change COPD with no acute findings.	sob
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Bilateral breast prostheses with XXXX calcification.	Granulomatous Disease ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Breast Implants / bilateral	No acute findings.	XXXX.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old female, pain
Finding data is null	Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / aorta ; Tube, Inserted / trachea, carina ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / scattered / multiple / small ; Nodule / lung / scattered / multiple / small ; Osteophyte / thoracic vertebrae / degenerative	Heart size normal. Dilated tortuous calcified aortic XXXX. Tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina. Multiple scattered small nodules throughout the lungs most XXXX represents calcified granulomas. No nodules or masses. Degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. Review of XXXX-CT demonstrates calcified granulomas scattered throughout the lungs.	prostate cancer skin cancer throat cancer rule out metastasis
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease. .	Throat pain
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and lungs are clear.	chest pain
Again observed is a curvilinear density in the right midlung zone which may represent some pulmonary scarring or thickening of the right XXXX fissure. There is minimal blunting of the right posterior costophrenic XXXX, consistent with a small effusion and/or pleural scarring. The lung parenchyma is otherwise clear. There is mild cardiomegaly. There are degenerative changes and a mild dextroscoliosis in the thoracic spine.	Density / lung / middle lobe / right ; Costophrenic Angle / right / posterior / blunted / mild ; Pleural Effusion / right / small ; Cicatrix / pleura / right ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / middle lobe / right / mild	1. Minimal XXXX atelectasis in the right midlung zone versus pleural scarring in the right XXXX fissure. 2. Minimal blunting of the posterior right costophrenic XXXX, consistent with a small pleural effusion and/or pleural scarring. 3. Cardiomegaly. 4. No XXXX abnormalities as compared to prior study of earlier the same XXXX	Altered mental status. Possible pneumonia.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. Left numbness after XXXX.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.	normal	No acute findings.	Prostate cancer
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / left	heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX.	History of arthritis. Tobacco use and elevated XXXX level rule out sarcoidosis
Borderline cardiomegaly, XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Right upper lobe calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	Cardiomegaly / borderline ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right	Low lung volumes, otherwise clear.	XXXX-year-old female. Chest pain for couple days.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Atherosclerotic calcifications about the aortic XXXX. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Dextroconvex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Preop
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with shortness of breath.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Negative chest.	chest pain
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. Degenerative this disease within the spine. Prosthetic right shoulder. Possible XXXX body in the axillary recess of the left shoulder. Degenerative left glenohumeral osteoarthritis.	Arthritis / humerus / left ; Spine / degenerative ; Implanted Medical Device / shoulder / right	No acute pulmonary findings.	Preop shoulder surgery
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	Pain, seizure.
Heart size within normal limits. Tortuous aorta. Low lung volumes with no focal consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion. Moderate degenerative disc disease in the midthoracic spine.	Aorta / tortuous ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / moderate	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX year old female chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.	normal	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	Flank pain and dyspnea
Finding data is null	Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small	no cardiomegaly with bilateral small pleural effusions. Decubitus x-XXXX XXXX be informative. No evidence of pneumonia, nodules, or masses.	dyspnea
Lung volumes are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in both lung bases. A hiatal hernia is present. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.	Opacity / lung / base / bilateral ; Hernia, Hiatal ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / bilateral / focal	Hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis.	Pt POD 6 s/p XXXX to open VHR with chest pain and occasional dyspnea.
Chest. Heart size is normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. There is a 13 mm nodule in the right lower lobe that is relatively dense, but not obviously calcified on the corresponding rib series. There are probably right hilar calcified lymph XXXX. Lungs otherwise are clear. There is no pleural effusion. Left ribs. No fracture or focal bony destruction.	Nodule / lung / lower lobe / right ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right ; Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right	1. Chest. Large nodule at the right lung base that probably represents a granuloma although not it is not densely calcified. A low KV P chest radiograph can be obtained for confirmation as a there are no comparison studies available in the XXXX. If the patient has an outside chest radiograph, comparison can be XXXX and the report addended. 2. Ribs. Normal. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. If there are questions regarding this interpretation, please XXXX XXXX.	,786.50 pt.states has a soreness lt.lower and lateral rib and upper lt.abd.since having a mammogram one month ago.no XXXX or lung complaints./pkd
The heart size is moderately enlarged. There is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are grossly intact. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified. There are degenerative changes of the spine.	Cardiomegaly / moderate ; Implanted Medical Device / aortic valve ; Markings / lung / interstitial / chronic ; Spine / degenerative	Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease noted.	XXXX-year-old with osteoarthritis of the left hip. Preop evaluation for hip replacement.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	dyspnea
Lungs are clear bilaterally.There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Dyspnea
Endotracheal tube and NG tube have been removed. Mild patchy bilateral airspace disease. There are small bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinum are stable with normal size heart. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Airspace Disease / lung / bilateral / scattered / patchy / multiple / mild ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small ; Spine / degenerative	Small bilateral pleural effusions with a few scattered areas of patchy bilateral airspace disease.	pt with XXXX.please XXXX for infiltrates
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. Stable calcified granulomas. Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX. No acute osseous abnormality identified.	Calcified Granuloma / multiple ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Atherosclerosis / aorta	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old male, concern for emphysema..
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / apex / right ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / base / left ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes	Heart size normal. No fibrosis. Right apical and left base 5 mm calcified granulomas. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. No effusions.	History XXXX chest x-XXXX XXXX to receiving XXXX-TNF.
Finding data is null	Cicatrix / lung / middle lobe / right	No suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. Right middle lobe scarring as before. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.	Metastic melanoma
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Chest pain.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female, XXXX, preop..
The heart is again enlarged. Aorta is tortuous. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.	Cardiomegaly ; Aorta / tortuous ; Lung / hypoinflation	1. Stable cardiomegaly without acute disease.	Chest pain
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac contour is within normal limits. Compared to prior exam, there is XXXX prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum. This may represent the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. CT chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. There are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Mediastinum / prominent ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	XXXX prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum possibly representing the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. CT chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX.
Postsurgical changes of the right chest. Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.	Diaphragm / right / elevated / mild ; Spine / degenerative	Clear lungs.	chest pain
XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	1. No acute pulmonary disease.	weakness and XXXX
Lungs are clear bilaterally.There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or infiltrates. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is a left-sided tunneled catheter, the distal tip at the mid superior XXXX XXXX level.	Catheters, Indwelling / left	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	Preprocedure evaluation prior to bone marrow transplant
The lungs are relatively clear with XXXX sulci. Heart size normal in LV contour. Slightly unfolded ascending and descending aorta. T-spine unremarkable.	Aorta / tortuous / mild	No significant finding.	INDICATION data is null
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. Surgical clips are seen the right upper quadrant.	Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right	1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old female with history of dyspnea on exertion.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX x3 months..
Finding data is null	Lung / hypoinflation ; Spinal Fusion / thoracic vertebrae ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / hilum / right / mild ; Infiltrate / lung / hilum / right / mild	Lordotic film. Low lung volumes. Heart size within normal limits for this projection. Lower thoracic spine fusion. Small area of atelectasis or infiltrate adjacent to the right inferior hilum. This may be projectional followup films may be helpful.	XXXX
The lungs are grossly clear without focal pneumonic consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits.	normal	Clear lungs	Chest pain
Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact.	normal	Normal chest radiograph.	XXXX-year-old female with chest and left arm pain.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a 1 cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam. There is minimal left basilar XXXX opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. There are degenerative changes of the spine.	Opacity / lung / apex / right / focal ; Opacity / lung / base / left / mild ; Spine / degenerative ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / mild	1 cm of apical opacity, scarring versus nodule. A noncontrast XXXX is indicated for further characterization. Critical result notification documented through Primordial.	XXXX-year-old with preop evaluation for a herniated disc.
The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is identified. The heart is normal. There are calcifications of the aortic XXXX. The skeletal structures are normal.	Calcinosis / aorta	No active disease.	Prostate cancer with prostatectomy.
Normal heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. Scattered granulomas. No lobar pneumonia. Probable XXXX post your recess effusions. Kyphotic degenerated osteopenic thoracic spine.	Calcinosis / aorta ; Aorta / tortuous ; Granuloma / scattered ; Bone Diseases, Metabolic / thoracic vertebrae ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Pleural Effusion / posterior ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / mild	Probable XXXX posterior recess effusions with mild basilar atelectasis. No lobar pneumonia.	Vomiting and right-sided abdominal pain
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Stable right lower lung granuloma. Interval to right clavicle XXXX procedure. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact.	Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	The patient is a XXXX-year-old female with lumbago and cervicalgia.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	remote h/o POS PPD
Both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal. Incidental note XXXX of bilateral breast implants.	Breast Implants / bilateral	No active cardiopulmonary disease.	SOB
Heart size near top normal, bilateral hilar fullness nonspecific in appearance, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Diaphragm flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema, XXXX and irregular interstitial markings, right greater than left. Prominent left epicardial fat XXXX, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Atrial septal occluder artifact. Mild spine curvature.	Aorta / tortuous / mild ; Diaphragm / flattened ; Lung, Hyperlucent / apex ; Markings / lung / interstitial / irregular ; Epicardial Fat / left / prominent ; Implanted Medical Device / heart atria	Borderline heart size and abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern which may be compatible with chronic interstitial change, differential diagnosis is XXXX and includes asymmetric pulmonary edema, inflammation, atypical infection, infiltrative process. Comparison with previous exams would be of XXXX. Bilateral hilar fullness may indicate pulmonary hypertension and clinical correlation is recommended, differential diagnosis reactive lymphadenopathy, metastatic disease.	XXXX-year-old female, pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality..	XXXX-year-old female shortness of breath.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.	normal	No acute disease.	EVALUATE FOR METASTATIC DISEASE; Surgery sched for XXXX. No chest complaints.
There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX which may represent a small right pleural effusion. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates stable mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, and heart size within normal limits and stable. No acute osseous abnormality. There is redemonstration of mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine. Old, healed left rib fractures are noted.	Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted / mild ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple / mild ; Lumbar Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple / mild ; Fractures, Bone / ribs / left / healed	Possible small right pleural effusion, without focal consolidation or pneumothorax.	XXXX-year-old woman with dyspnea..
Finding data is null	Density / costophrenic angle / left / round / small ; Calcified Granuloma	Stable appearing chest. No acute airspace disease or effusions. Stable mediastinal contour. Small conspicuous for size nodular density projecting in region of left costophrenic XXXX XXXX a calcified granuloma, was visible on chest x-XXXX from XXXX. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.	XXXX XXXX
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Small rounded bilateral axillary densities not seen on the previous exam most suggestive of artifacts, healed right lateral 10th rib fracture noted..	Fractures, Bone / ribs / right / healed ; Density / bilateral / round / small	No acute cardiopulmonary findings	XXXX-year-old male, XXXX
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the infrahilar right lung. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormality is identified.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / hilum / right ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Dyspnea
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are grossly clear. Bilateral breast prostheses are noted.	Breast Implants / bilateral	No acute disease.	INDICATION data is null
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Hyperinflated lungs with flattening of diaphragms, compatible with emphysema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Diaphragm / bilateral / flattened ; Pulmonary Emphysema	1. Emphysema. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Short of breath.
Heart is enlarged. There is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. Mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally, predominantly in the bases, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.	Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Congestion / prominent ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial / diffuse / mild ; Pulmonary Edema / interstitial ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral	Cardiomegaly with pulmonary interstitial edema and XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. .	XXXX-year-old male with dyspnea, chest pain
The heart size is normal. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. There are degenerative changes within the XXXX bilaterally and left acromioclavicular joint. XXXX XXXX in the soft tissues of the right upper extremity.	Shoulder / left / degenerative	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with history of goiter.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old male complaining of pain
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. No evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies.	XXXX year old woman, question swallowed foreign body (XXXX XXXX).
Finding data is null	Calcinosis / lymph nodes / right / paratracheal ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right	Heart size is normal. Calcified right paratracheal lymph XXXX calcified granuloma in the peripheral portion right upper lobe. No arteriographic evidence of tuberculosis.	tuberculosis in the XXXX +PPD
Left PICC line remains in XXXX. The tip projects over the upper SVC. It has moved outward since the previous study. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Previously present left base airspace disease has cleared. There is blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX which may represent small amount of pleural effusion or pleural reaction. Some scattered bandlike opacities are present which appear to represent scars. Degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.	Catheters, Indwelling / left ; Costophrenic Angle / right / blunted ; Opacity / scattered / multiple ; Cicatrix / scattered / multiple ; Shoulder / right / degenerative	1. Blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX. This may represent pleural effusion or pleural reaction. 2. Clearing of left base airspace disease. 3. Outward XXXX of PICC line. Tip now projects over upper SVC.	Hemorrhage, post-op change.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Positive PPD, please evaluate for pulmonary lesions.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Granulomatous sequela are noted. The previously visualized nodular density in the right upper lobe is not well-seen on today's study. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.	Granulomatous Disease	No acute disease.	INDICATION data is null
The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.	normal	Unremarkable radiographs of the chest.	XXXX and XXXX.
The lungs are clear. There are multiple surgical XXXX seen near the apical regions and lower cervical region bilaterally. The heart and mediastinum are normal. There is a screw in the right shoulder. The soft tissues are normal.	Surgical Instruments / shoulder / right ; Surgical Instruments / thorax / bilateral ; Surgical Instruments / cervical vertebrae	1. No active disease. 2. There are numerous small surgical clips seen overlying the upper thorax bilaterally and the lower cervical region of uncertain significance.	Occasional chest pain and shortness of breath.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Straightening of the normal thoracic kyphosis. Levocurvature the lumbar spine, incompletely imaged.	Kyphosis / thoracic vertebrae ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae / left	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Vertigo, headache
There is a moderate layering left pleural effusion, grossly stable. There is a moderate right pleural effusion, which is partially loculated. There is some pleural fluid tracking along the right XXXX fissure. There is bibasilar airspace disease, possibly passive atelectasis. No pneumothorax is identified. Heart size is within normal limits. Right PICC tip is at the SVC. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.	Pleural Effusion / bilateral / focal / moderate ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / bilateral ; Catheters, Indwelling / right ; Spine / degenerative / mild	1. Partially loculated right pleural effusion, grossly stable. 2. Stable moderate layering left pleural effusion. 3. Bibasilar airspace disease, possibly atelectasis.	Metastatic ovarian cancer, evaluate pleural effusion
Finding data is null	Markings / lung / base / prominent / mild	Slight basilar prominence of lung markings most XXXX representing some mild chronic inflammatory change. No acute airspace disease or effusions. Mediastinal contour within normal limits.	EVALUATE FOR DISEASE;
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. XXXX-A-XXXX XXXX has its tip at the caval atrial junction.	Catheters, Indwelling	No active disease.	Chest pain.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	Short of breath, XXXX and wheezing.
Lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are surgical clips seen within the upper abdomen.	Surgical Instruments / abdomen	Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .	XXXX year old female. Bladder cancer
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Extensive degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Mildly enlarged heart. Tortuous aorta. Aortic calcifications. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / severe ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Aorta / tortuous ; Calcinosis / aorta	No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.	XXXX-year-old woman with atrial flutter.
Heart size is within normal limits. Tortuous aorta. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. Right lower lung granuloma.	Aorta / tortuous ; Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
Aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Large hiatal hernia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No focal opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance.	Atherosclerosis / aorta ; Hernia, Hiatal / large	1. No acute pulmonary process. 2. Large hiatal hernia. .	XXXX and wheezing x1 XXXX
Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. Low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact. Surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right	No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .	XXXX-year-old female with history of XXXX, MVC.
Exam limited by patient rotation. Mild rightward deviation of the trachea. Stable cardiomegaly. Unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. There is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Trachea / right / tortuous / mild ; Cardiomegaly ; Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Pleural Effusion / right ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / right ; Lung / hypoinflation ; Shoulder / right / degenerative / severe	1. Right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. 2. No definite findings of pneumonia.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX and leukocytosis
There is a left sided cardiac defibrillator. Leads overlie the right atrium, right ventricle, and left lateral coronary vein. The leads appear intact. Heart size is within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There are persistent mild bibasilar interstitial opacities. There is left mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the spine.	Implanted Medical Device / left ; Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / interstitial / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / lingula ; Spine / degenerative	1. Cardiac defibrillator. Leads appear intact. 2. No pneumothorax identified. 3. XXXX XXXX opacities. Findings may reflect atelectasis and/or mild fibrotic change.	Pacemaker implantation
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .	XXXX, XXXX symptoms. Dyspnea.
Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. No XXXX airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. Right upper quadrant surgical clips.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Surgical Instruments / abdomen / right	Stable appearance of the chest. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. XXXX sternotomy XXXX and prosthetic aortic valve noted.	Cardiomegaly / mild ; Calcinosis / lung / hilum / lymph nodes / right ; Implanted Medical Device / aortic valve	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema.	Chest pain, nonproductive XXXX. Cutaneous XXXX.
Finding data is null	Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right / small ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left / small	Small calcified granulomas in in right upper lobe and left lower lobe. No suspicious appearing lung nodules seen. No acute airspace disease, effusions, or CHF.	EVALUATE FOR METASTATIC DISEASE;Pt to have surgery for cancer on face/eye.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	Airspace Disease / lung / middle lobe / right / focal	Focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. This is most concerning for pneumonia. Recommend follow up to ensure resolution.	XXXX year old with a XXXX.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	Negative chest .	Chest pain for 1 hour
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. The right lung is clear. There is a recurrence moderate-sized left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine.	Pleural Effusion / left / moderate ; Density / lung / base / right / streaky / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / right	Recurrent moderate sized left pleural effusion.	Pleural effusion
Three noncalcified lung nodules are present in the left lower lobe. The largest measures 3.5 mm in diameter. Another nodule is present near the right hilum. It is approximately 2 cm in diameter. The XXXX and mediastinum appear normal. Heart size normal.	Nodule / lung / lower lobe / left / multiple ; Nodule / lung / hilum / right ; Nodule / lung / right / multiple	Multiple nodules in both the left and right lungs consistent with neoplasm. Further workup could be initiated with contrasted CT of the chest, abdomen, and pelvis. Dr. XXXX XXXX I discussed the findings and further workup suggestions by telephone approximately XXXX hours XXXX, XXXX.	cig XXXX and wt loss
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Stable mild hyperinflation, right apical pleural-parenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.	Lung / hyperdistention / mild ; Cicatrix / lung / apex / right	No acute findings	XXXX-year-old male, chest pain
The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and shape. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary finding.	XXXX-year-old male with chest pain.
The heart is normal in size and contour. Scattered calcifications are noted, compatible with prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.	Calcinosis / thorax / scattered / multiple ; Granulomatous Disease	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX year old outside chest pain radiating XXXX the left arm.
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary findings.	XXXX-year-old female with persisting XXXX.
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. There are low lung volumes on the frontal view, which accentuates heart size and lung markings. The heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. Mediastinum normal width. The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is left lung base atelectasis on frontal XXXX XXXX secondary to low volumes. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Cardiomegaly / mild ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / mild ; Markings / lung	Low lung volumes with crowding. Mild left base atelectasis.	Shortness of breath
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous ; Spine / degenerative	No evidence of active disease.	Melanoma
Finding data is null	Heart Ventricles / left / enlarged ; Aorta / tortuous	Clear lungs. Enlarged left ventricle. A tortuous dilated aorta. No pneumonia	History of syncope
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is identified.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no definite focal infiltrate. There is no large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax.	No Indexing	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX and XXXX sweats.
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right / mild	Minimal atelectasis right base. No evidence of tuberculosis. Heart size is normal.	acute mental status change Chest x-XXXX for placement
The patient is rotated. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No focal airspace opacities. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory  ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.	XXXX year old male with chest pain.
There are diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema. There are irregular opacities in the left lung apex, that could represent a cavitary lesion in the left lung apex.There are streaky opacities in the right upper lobe, XXXX scarring. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.	Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive ; Bullous Emphysema ; Pulmonary Fibrosis / interstitial ; Cicatrix / lung / upper lobe / left ; Opacity / lung / apex / left / irregular ; Opacity / lung / upper lobe / right / streaky ; Opacity / pulmonary alveoli ; Opacity / lung / bilateral / interstitial / diffuse	1. Bullous emphysema and interstitial fibrosis. 2. Probably scarring in the left apex, although difficult to exclude a cavitary lesion. 3. Opacities in the bilateral upper lobes could represent scarring, however the absence of comparison exam, recommend short interval followup radiograph or CT thorax to document resolution.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	Grossly, the heart size is normal in the lungs are clear. No displaced bony injuries are present.	Unwitnessed XXXX, right-sided pain
Finding data is null	Pleural Effusion / left ; Cicatrix / lung / base / right	Compared to XXXX, there is a XXXX left subpulmonic pleural effusion which is better appreciated XXXX of XXXX. There is stable right basilar scarring without focal acute infiltrate. No pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. There are postsurgical changes of the abdomen.	History of renal cell carcinoma in XXXX. Shortness of breath. Patient taking antibiotic for possible pneumonia.
The lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size normal. No mass or focal opacities seen. Stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.	Lung / hyperdistention ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Pulmonary Emphysema	1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Emphysematous changes in the lungs. .	Smoking history
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.	normal	Negative for acute abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female. XXXX.
Finding data is null	Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left / mild ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Granuloma / lung / lower lobe / left	Heart size is normal. Minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the left base, seen XXXX on the lateral film, otherwise lungs are clear. Degenerative disease of thoracic spine. Stable left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma adjacent to the heart XXXX.	History of XXXX implant
Finding data is null	Cardiomegaly ; Pleural Effusion / right / large ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / right ; Infiltrate / lung / base / right	Cardiomegaly. Left lung clear. Large right effusion. Compressive atelectasis or infiltrate in the right base	dyspnea.
Finding data is null	normal	The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	XXXX, XXXX symptoms
Lung volumes remain low. No infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.	Lung / hypoinflation	XXXX change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.	Continued exacerbations
No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Scattered bilateral granulomas. Patchy left basal airspace opacity. Bilateral small effusions.	Thoracic Vertebrae / scattered / degenerative ; Granuloma / lung / bilateral / scattered / multiple ; Opacity / lung / base / left / patchy ; Pleural Effusion / bilateral / small	1. Left base opacity may represent early infection or atelectasis. Recommend followup PA and lateral chest x-XXXX in 6 weeks to ensure resolution. 2. Bilateral small pleural effusions.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. The patient is obese.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with neck pain. Sore throat and headache. Runny nose and XXXX. XXXX.
Chest. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Left knee. The right total knee prosthesis remains in XXXX. The medial compartment is markedly narrow. Large osteophytes are present on the left femur and tibial lateral plateaus.	No Indexing	1. Chest. No active disease. 2. The knee. Advanced degenerative joint disease.	PRE-OP XXXX
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.	normal	Stable chest without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with chest pain.
Finding data is null	Granuloma / lung / hilum / left ; Granuloma / lung / base / left	The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. Left hilar and medial left base granuloma. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	XXXX and chest pain commissure breath x1 XXXX
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is a mild levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. There is mild widening of the right acromioclavicular joint which may be postsurgical or posttraumatic in XXXX.	Scoliosis / thoracic vertebrae / left / mild ; Shoulder / right / prominent / mild	1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.	XXXX-year-old with a XXXX.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. No effusions.	persistent XXXX.
Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, large pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact. Calcified right hilar nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.	Calcinosis / lung / hilum / right ; Granulomatous Disease / chronic ; Nodule / lung / hilum / right	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old female with rib injury.
Low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, right greater than left. Bronchovascular crowding, indistinct central vascular margination. No findings to suggest pleural effusion. Accounting for technical factors heart size XXXX within normal limits.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Opacity / lung / base / bilateral / streaky ; Pulmonary Atelectasis ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Technical Quality of Image Unsatisfactory 	Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, bibasilar opacities XXXX due at XXXX in part to atelectasis, infiltrates, pulmonary edema difficult to entirely exclude.	XXXX year old female, chest pain
Finding data is null	Diaphragm / right / elevated ; Density / costophrenic angle / right	Heart size within normal limits. Right hemidiaphragm elevation with XXXX XXXX density near the right costophrenic XXXX most suggestive of subsegmental atelectasis. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.	XXXX-year-old female, pain
Finding data is null	normal	Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Scoliosis as before. Clear lungs. No effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. Stable chest.	XXXX
The heart is large. Pulmonary XXXX are engorged. No infiltrates. Aorta is somewhat tortuous. Degenerative disc disease is present in the thoracic spine.	Cardiomegaly ; Pulmonary Congestion ; Aorta / tortuous ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative ; Hypertension, Pulmonary	Cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension	chest pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Scattered calcified granulomas noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine without acute abnormality.	Calcified Granuloma / scattered / multiple ; Thoracic Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple / mild ; Lumbar Vertebrae / degenerative / multiple / mild	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	XXXX-year-old woman with chest pain..
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain.
Stable appearance of chest with no findings of disease progression. Heart and mediastinum stable configuration. Stable elevation of left hemidiaphragm. Lungs clear of consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Bony thorax intact. Minimal spondylosis of the lower thoracic spine.	Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Spondylosis / thoracic vertebrae / mild	Stable appearance of chest without active process evident and without evidence of progression of disease in patient with history of Hodgkin's lymphoma . If one would like to discuss this case further, please XXXX. XXXX at XXXX. Thanks.	XXXX-year-old female history of Hodgkin's lymphoma .
Finding data is null	Mass / lung / upper lobe / right / anterior	3 cm right upper lobe anterior segment mass. No effusion. No adenopathy. CT scan is the XXXX XXXX to determine if there is any mediastinal adenopathy. No bony abnormalities.	lung cancer preop
Cardiomegaly is present. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. Some scattered XXXX opacities are present whose appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion is noted. No pneumothorax is identified. The left hemidiaphragm is elevated. Scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. There has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib.	Cardiomegaly ; Opacity / lung / base / left / scattered ; Cicatrix / lung / base / left ; Pulmonary Atelectasis / base / left ; Diaphragm / left / elevated ; Scoliosis / lumbar vertebrae ; Deformity / ribs / left	1. Cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. 2. Continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 3. Scattered XXXX of left base scarring/atelectasis.	Hypertension, shortness of breath.
Calcified granulomata are present in the right middle lobe and right upper lobe. These are unchanged since the previous examination. Both lungs are free of active infiltrates. Heart size normal.	Calcified Granuloma / lung / middle lobe / right ; Calcified Granuloma / lung / upper lobe / right	No active disease.	XXXX, wheezing, copd, XXXX, edema
Clear lungs. No infiltrates or suspicious pulmonary opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Bandlike opacities are present in the right lung. Appearance suggest atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Opacity / lung / right	Bandlike opacities in the right lung. Appearance XXXX atelectasis.	XXXX
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.	normal	1. Clear lungs.	XXXX-year-old XXXX with XXXX, productive XXXX, XXXX for nodule or TB.
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart is normal in size. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.	normal	No acute disease.	dyspnea
Heart size upper limits of normal. Low lung volumes with mild bronchovascular crowding and right basilar airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.	Lung / hypoinflation ; Markings / bronchovascular ; Airspace Disease / lung / base / right	Low lung volumes with right base airspace disease.	XXXX-year-old female with XXXX and XXXX x2 weeks.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.	normal	No active disease.	h/o smoking, dm, xol. evaluate mediastinum.
Finding data is null	normal	Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.	mild asthma
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, unchanged	Aorta, Thoracic / tortuous / mild	1. No acute pulmonary abnormality.	Chest pain and dizziness
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.	normal	No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .	XXXX-year-old female with chest pain.
